Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] DxD: Like a Devil [DxD x Yakuza Fem Gamer]
 Thread starterMirlnir  Start dateNov 8, 2020  Tagscorruption of morals evil mc female protag gamer fic high school dxd high school dxd au manipulative main character multicross possible harem yakuza
Created
Nov 8, 2020
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
2,027
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
81
This is an old chapter! I recommend skipping this entirely and reading 'True Chapter 1' I've...
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (78 threadmarks, 667k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
True Chapter 1: Rebirth
Words 11k
Mar 13, 2021
True Chapter 2: Secrets Unraveled
Words 12k
Jun 7, 2021
New
True Chapter 75: Villainous Debut
Words 7.9k
Jun 18, 2026
New
True Chapter 76: Heart to Heart
Words 5.5k
Jul 10, 2026
New
True Chapter 77: Target Found
Words 6.3k
Aug 12, 2026
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks True Chapter 1: Rebirth
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Mar 13, 2021
Add bookmark
#41
Spoiler: Author's Notes

…What… is this? Where am I? Why can't I feel my body? I try to scream, but nothing comes out. I can't feel my throat – I can't even breathe. It's dark in here, I can't see anything.

What… what have I been doing before… this? I was somewhere in… damn it, I can't remember. The last thing I remember was a hot feeling in my chest, then I felt cold. I was scared when it happened – there's no way I can forget that feeling.

I felt alone, cold, and in pain, but why? Why did I feel all of that? What happened? What did I do?

Did- did I.. die? Is this hell? Purgatory? I'm not oblivious; I can still remember the things I did before whatever this is. There's no way I'm going to Heaven unless God had a fucked up sense of humor and decided to reward the selfish instead.

I fully doubt that though.

...Am I stuck here? Is this my punishment? My personal Hell? A void that stretches endlessly with nothing to do. Not even the ability to feel my body.

Haha… That's just too cruel, isn't it? I only scammed and stole, God. I never killed anyone. Destroyed a life here and there, but they're still alive, aren't they? I haven't robbed them of everything. They can still turn their lives around again with enough determination.

You still feel no remorse.​

I would've frozen if I still had my body as I stare at the blue window, accusing me of such a thing. That… speech window was the only thing in this endlessly stretched darkness. I wasn't quite sure how to react, trying to speak out loud, but nothing comes out.

I remind myself that my throat and vocal cords don't exist here, but I'm still not sure how to respond to that thing.

Thinking of your response is enough.​

I gaze at the new speech window and would've nodded, but I seem to be lacking my head at the moment.

I'm not sure how to go about this, but any explanation?
​
You are dead.
​
I've figured that much. How if I may ask?
​
A direct stab to the heart. You did not take long before dying, only felt sharp agony for a few seconds.
​
I-I… see…

So I did die then, and in such a stupid way as well. A stab? Really? Couldn't I have dodged or something?

I'm not quite sure what to feel about this...

I don't suppose you're willing to give me a second chance, will you? I promise to not steal anymore, just please get me out of this place. I don't think I can remain here for too long without breaking.

I know I'm a loner weeb before, but even I crave some social interactions sometimes.
​
You seem… awfully calm about this, considering the situation.
​
Well, I tried to scream and move, but I couldn't, so what's the point? Of course, not counting the shock that's keeping me calm right now.
​
As amusing as that would be to see you panic, I'd rather be done with this.
​
Be done with what-
​
Congratulations, you've been chosen as the next host of The System.
​
...Pardon?
​
...Do these remind you of anything?
​
Perks gained

[Gamer's Mind] – Perk

Immunity to most high-level mental attacks, such as mind control and mind-reading, and makes the user calm in heated situations. The user will think with logic more than emotions.

Certain Traits and Debuffs will bypass the mental protection of this perk.

[Gamer's Body] – Perk

Your body will act as that of a Video Game character but slightly grounded into reality. You'll still need to eat, drink, and sleep, but sleeping in comfort will fully restore HP, SP, and MP while sleeping on the hard floor will only restore a quarter of that. Eating food restores HP, and especially high-quality food might even give buffs.

You are able to regenerate severed limbs excluding your head – Certain races will ignore that weakness – but if the wound is cauterized, you won't be able to do as such.

Skills gained

[Observe] – Skill

A vision-based spell that shows the stats of the target. The spell can be sensed by powerful and experienced beings, or any individual very sensitive to magic.

Costs 0 MP

[ID Create] – Skill

Create a tiny pocket dimension 10k kilometers big with never-ending and continuously respawning mobs. Each dungeon will have ten waves, and each wave will be more difficult than the last. The fifth and ten waves will have a mini-boss and a dungeon boss respectively.

Clearing a wave will yield rewards for the caster, but only for the first time.

Only able to use it two hours a day, and completed waves/dungeons will yield 0 EXP and rewards for the caster

Current available dungeons: [Undead]

Costs 0 MP

I couldn't help but stare in shock at the windows. I felt multiple emotions go through me, mostly disbelief, awe, and joy. I've read enough fanfiction and shitty novels to know what this means, even if it looks different to the usual.

A second chance. I am getting a second chance at life, with the path to unlimited wealth and power open to me. I, the same person who ruined lives for my own greed and selfish needs. I'm self-aware enough to realize that someone like me doesn't deserve this – no, what I deserve is to be sent down to the deepest parts of hell.

Yet here we are.

I can barely believe what I'm seeing in front of me right now. I am The Gamer, the same absurd entity that can surpass universal and cosmic gods after three years of half-hearted training.
​
You know what this is. Very good, this means we can cut to the chase.

Please select your race.

[Human] [?] [?] [?]
​
Human, and three unknown choices. Mind explaining?
​
Two of the choices are lower-tier entities, such as Goblin, Insects, Slimes, and so on.

And the third choice is a high-tier entity. Dragon, Leviathan, True Devil, Primarch, etcetera.
​
And humans is a guaranteed middle-tier race. Either I play it safe by choosing Human, or take the gamble and select one of the unknown choices. I'm not one to risk my career over something so trivial, but a Primarch or Dragon is making it very tempting.

Hell, there are probably hundreds of strong races. Necrons, Saiyans, Kryptonians, Titans – but what if I choose the wrong thing? I don't want to be stuck as a Slime or god forbid a Goblin. Rimuru only survived and thrived because of his broken Devour ability, but I have no such thing.

I suppose I'll choose the safe option. I can grow more powerful with time, and Humans are usually the jacks of all trades, so there's no big disadvantage there.

Human it is.

Race chosen

[Human] – Race

With every universe existing, Humans shall walk its Earth as well. In every corner of this Omniverse, you'll see subjects of this race living, cruelly dominating weaker races in numbers, as well as having mid-level intelligence and strength. Humans' true potential in their ability to learn and understand, as the strongest and most intelligent of humans were able to turn the tides against far more powerful foes of different species.

25% EXP gain

Comprehending, making, and learning new skills is slightly easier

Race stats:

HP = END x 10

HP Regeneration = END x 2

SP = END x 10

SP Regeneration = END x 2

MP = INT x 10

MP Regeneration = WIS x 2

Huh, quite a bit better than I initially expected to be honest. The EXP bonus is gonna be very helpful, especially when I become powerful. The seemingly average race stats are good as well, but I can't be too sure just yet.

I still have no idea how powerful the people will be in whatever world I'm thrown in.
​
Are you finished? If so, then please select a class

[Mage] [Fighter] [Support] [Rogue] [Ranger] [Production]​

Six choices, all with their own degrees of strengths and weaknesses. Fighter most likely has its own sub-classes as well, like Samurai or Knight. So from there, I can choose a swift and strong sub-class, a tank that can absorb and withstand a lot of punishment, or maybe a balanced sub-class.

A part of me wants a Martial Artist sub-class. Knowing how to fight with your fists is one of the most useful abilities in case I was hit with some magic-nullifying skill or my weapon gets knocked away from my hands.

Support at a stage this early seems counterproductive. I can't be too sure that I'll 'spawn' with an army or friends waiting for me. I can most likely take a healer or druid, and those are good classes, but not this early.

Rogue seems like a good choice. Probably thieves, assassins, scouts, and the like. However, most of these sub-classes are glass canons. A single hit could end me, even at a high level, and the need to get close to your opponent for a backstab seems risky.

Good class, but I don't think I'd want to put myself at risk at the moment. Maybe when I get a bit tougher.

Ranger is very tempting. Archers and Gunners seem to be a good choice, but once I run out of ammo, I'm done for. Again, I can't be sure that I'll be reborn rich or something like that, so getting hold of bullets or arrows might be difficult.

As for Production… well, I'm not sure what that means. As in Engineers and the like? Starting with that seems to be a bit of a bad idea. I'll need materials to build and create stuff, and same issue as some of the other classes, I have no idea what world and what position I'll be reborn in.

Finally, Mage class. Personally, it seems to me that it's the most versatile class to take. Mana means infinite ammo, even if I need to wait for my MP to recharge. No need to get close to an enemy if I can blast them with lightning or fire. And I don't need materials to work my way up from there to grow stronger. I should be able to do it with the ID Create spell.

...is what I assume. I'm not sure if there's a class stronger than another, or if they're all equal. Hell, I'm not sure if what I thought about the classes is even right. All of it is baseless assumptions coming from my previous knowledge of past entertainment media.

Regardless, I think I should take Mage. Aside from it being the best possible class to take at this stage, shooting spells sounds fun to do.

1 Reputation with The Game [1/100]
​
Good analysis of each class.

Now please choose a specialization

[Elementalist] [Illusionist] [Necromancer] [Summoner]
​
I cross out Illusionist for now. I need an offensive sub-class, and as useful as it is, I don't think I'll need it at the moment. Summoner and Necromancer seem to be similar in a way, letting your servants fight for you as you watch from the back, in a safe spot.

However, for Necromancer, I'm not quite sure that I'm gonna have a dead body ready for me to raise, so I might need to kill something quickly, and I don't think I'm good enough to hide from whatever authority is in the world I'll be in. I'm sure Necromancy has its own offensive spells, but it's mostly death spells.

I'm quite sure that Undead are resistant if not outright immune to death spells, so leveling up will be very difficult.

Summoner seems like the better choice, but I'm not sure if they have any offensive spells, so the moment my summons are dead, I'm completely fucked. Hell, if the enemy somehow bypasses the summons, then that's certain death too.

Which leaves Elementalist. Becoming individually powerful is my best chance here, so let's see what elements I can select.
​
Choose an element​
​
[Pyromancer] [Geomancer] [Aeromancer] [Cryomancer] [Electromancer] [Hydromancer] ​

Hm… This seems like more of a preference-based choice. Every element has its own weakness and strength, and whatever I choose now shouldn't affect me later on, unless I'm extremely unlucky and the people in the world I'm spawning in have immunity to whatever element I choose.

I'm slightly surprised that Hydro and Cryo aren't the same, but I suppose one controls and generates ice while the other controls and generates water. Similar, but not quite the same. I don't think this System follows the original DnD rules anyway.

So if I'm going to choose based on my preference then…

Ice magic.

Class gained

[Cryomancer] - LVL 1/100 [0%]

Gain 5 INT and 5 WIS every level

Mastery Skills gained

[Mana Control: Novice] – Mastery Skill

Magic. The energy that existed before the multiverse's birth, eons and eons ago when hundreds of gods wielded it to mold and create life and death. Granted to most living beings, and while some might use it differently than others, it is magic all the same

You've only just gotten the feeling of your magic. It's expected of you to struggle to control the flow within.

Spend 25,000 MP and deal 5,000 Magic Damage to progress to the next Rank. Progress to Apprentice Rank [0/25,000] [0/5,000]

[Ice Magic Control: Novice] – Mastery Skill

Ice Magic, while one of the most common elements out there in the multiverse, is no doubt a very powerful one. Control and manipulation over sharp and deadly weaponry made of ice, freezing the target's skin, blood, and flesh, or forming thick of walls to protect you, this element is the perfect balance between offense and defense.

You are merely a beginner, and more complicated spells will be hard to create.

Deal 10,000 Ice Damage to reach the next Rank. Progress to Apprentice Rank [0/10,000]

Oh… oh this is weird. Very weird. So much knowledge being crammed into my head like this – and I feel something strange. It's calm, flowing like a river, even though it's quite weak. Is this what mana feels like?

It's relaxing…

I can't wait to actually practice magic. This feels like a dream, and I could wake up at any second, but damn if it isn't a great dream.
​
You'll realize that this is all true soon. Only one more step and you will experience it all for yourself.

This step is optional, but you can receive one perk for a trait. You might gain an incredibly powerful perk like a blessing from a powerful god or a catastrophic trait like cancer

However, please keep in mind that not all traits are bad. They could manifest in a physical, mental, or spiritual way, and has a chance of aiding you at certain situations.
​
Hm… Well, I am guaranteed to get a good thing, right? I… suppose I could do it once and only once. No need to risk myself by getting greedy.

A roll, please.

Trait gained

[Sociopath] – Trait

A Sociopath is a personality disorder where the one inflicted with it is unable to understand the emotions of others, as well as the inability to form any emotional connections with others. This means that you will never feel guilt or emotional attachment to someone, for it is a foreign concept.

You are more likely to emotionally and mentally manipulate the ones around you to get what you desire, discarding them whenever they've outlived their usefulness.

This trait is almost impossible to overcome

Perk Gained

[Great Magic Core] – Perk

A magic core is a spiritual 'Organ' that continuously produces mana within the being until their reserves are completely filled, and yours is an unnaturally powerful core

You generate three times more mana than usual, tripling your MP Regeneration.

Heh, seems my 'condition' is following me even in death, huh? Ah well, it doesn't matter. I don't care about feeling sympathy or love, any of that sappy stuff really. Better to care about myself and me alone, even if I feel slightly curious about those feelings.

The trade-off is excellent. Tripled MP regen is gonna make it far easier to powerlevel in the dungeon. With my level-ups, I'll be able to make my MP regen even faster and faster, enough to be able to spam twenty low-tier spells per second without losing a single point.

...Maybe I can roll another. Shouldn't be that bad, right?

Let's see what I get.

Trait gained

[Thanatophobia] – Trait

The very notion of death terrifies you more than it should, for what could possibly be waiting for you in the afterlife?

You are less likely to put yourself in dangerous situations as long as you're sure you won't perish, no matter the reward. You'll put your life above others, and are likely to throw away your allies and friends for your own safety.

This trait can be easily overcome

Perk Gained

[Friendly Face] – Perk

You emit an unnoticeable aura that draws in other people. Your smile would brighten the day of others, and your general kindness and cheerfulness will always lift everyone's spirits up. You are more likely to gain the trust of others, as your eyes hold nothing but understanding and gentleness.

Reputation and Affection are much easier to gain, others are more likely to confide in you with their problems and issues, and they'll forgive you for whatever problems you cause. Keep in mind this perk has its limits. Effectiveness is far lower with targets who have Evil alignments

Oh, so I can get rid of traits? That's good to know, not that this is a bad trait either; it'll mean that I won't do anything dumb and fuck myself over. The perk is useful as well, seeing that I'll be able to befriend others and get connections that way. Fix whatever problem this very important person has and I'll gain a powerful ally.

So far so good, so I think I'll do it one more time.

Trait gained

[Sin of Wrath] – Trait

You are short-tempered and easily angered. You won't rest until the one who incurred your wrath is punished, whether through death, torture, or humiliation. The method depends on you.

You will become completely uncontrollable once your rage hits a certain point, giving you the buff/debuff [Red-Hot Fury], increasing your physical stats by 75% but reducing your mental stats and defense stat by 50%.

This trait is hard to overcome

Perk gained

[Rising Star] – Perk

You are born a prodigy among prodigies, with growth that will make all your peers envious yet in awe. Your ability to learn and progress far exceeds that of regular beings, whether it's in the mental, spiritual, or physical department.

With your unnatural growth, leveling up and becoming stronger is much easier, and as such, EXP and stat gain are doubled. Learning and comprehending new abilities comes naturally for you, and for that, all skill Rank-up requirements are cut by 25%

That's… well, anger is gonna be tough to handle, but with Rising Star's admittedly insane advantage, I guess it's a fair trade. Way fairer than the other pulls for sure, which makes it uncomfortable now that I think of worse traits I could've gained.

Shit, I've never had to handle rage as not a lot of things pissed me off a lot. The good thing from this trait though would be the buff it gives. Even though I'm a mage-based class right now, I'm planning to take a few fighter classes later to balance out my stats.

I might be able to get rid of Thanatophobia with this too, so maybe it's not all that bad…

I think I'm done with this. I suppose I'll be reincarnated now?
​
Correct. Take a look at your stats before that.
​
Name - Akane Amamiya

Level – 1

Title - None

Class - Cryomancer - LVL 1/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 100 [20 per minute]

MP - 100 [60 per minute]

SP - 100 [20 per minute]

STR - 10

END - 10

DEX - 10

INT - 10

WIS - 10

CHA - 10

LUK – 10

Akane… Amamiya? That's a Japanese name. Will I be reborn in Japan if that's the case? But which Japan? A normal, boring Japan, one with Supernatural creatures filling it, or maybe ancient Japan?
​
You will know soon enough. Are you ready?
​
I don't think there's anything left to do, so yes, I guess I am.
​
Very well.

You will be reincarnated in 5….4…..3….2…..1….
​

​
With strain, I slowly open my eyes, blinking away the blurriness before gazing at the ceiling. I slowly turn left, the moonlit sky lighting up a part of my room from the open door. I wince slightly as I get up before yawning.

Ugh, why do I feel so tired? It's still midnight, but I can barely even lift an arm.

It took me a few seconds, but when I realized my situation, my eyes widen. Memories of that void came rushing back – creating a jumbled mess between the memories of my old life and the memories of Akane Amamiya. I take a deep breath and a few minutes to separate the memories of the two souls.

A 17 years old girl, born and raised in Japan, Kiyoraha Prefecture. The only living relative is her mother, but there is a very close friend of the family. The father, Tatsu Amamiya, passed away in a car crash ten years ago, and the mother, Mizuki Amamiya, is seemingly living off her life savings. Said savings are in the billions of Yens. Akane is still wondering where she got the money from, or what job she used to do. Mizuki is extremely secretive about it, even under all that childish behavior.

Akane is a 5'5 tall girl with silky, back-length hair and Blood-Red eyes. She lives in a traditional Japanese mansion along with her mother in a town called Kiyoraha in Kansai, but will soon move to Kuoh in Kanto to continue the daughter's education. Mizuki already bought a home there with the insane amount of money she has, and their flight to Kuoh is in a few days from now.

Akane is a quiet girl, usually minds her own business, but isn't socially inept. She's usually laid back, calm, and tries to act kindly to everyone, but is not one who'll take insults laying down. She's gotten in a fight more than once against delinquents and gang members and was able to beat them handily. She's very suspicious that they never try to take revenge for what she does to them, and used to be on guard whenever she's near their turfs.

Until the Omi kicked them out and took the place two years ago, giving it to the Go-Ryu Clan branch. Whatever Gang you might be from, you do not fuck with the Yakuza, especially not the Go-Ryu Clan.

She put off her need to see a therapist for her anger issues as she never saw a problem with herself. She's never gotten angry at her friends or family and thought that it was no big deal to let out some steam on people who truly got on her nerves. Mizuki is an extreme pushover when it came to her daughter and never forced her to call a therapist.

...Referring to myself in third person is weird. I am Akane Amamiya, mixed with the knowledge and some of the memories of my old past and the traits I gained from that system thing. Speaking of…

I pinch myself, blinking a few times before grinning widely. So I'm not dreaming?

As I go through my memories, I lose my smile and frown in thought. Kuoh Academy means DxD. I've seen the anime, read some of the novels, and quite a bit of fanfics, so I know how dangerous this world is. Old Satans, Seraphs, Gods, Dragons – and so on. I'm at a disadvantage of being a human, but I know how absurd humans can be.

Vasco Strada for example, or Dulio Gesualdo.

As The Gamer, I should be able to catch up fast. However, any fuck up could kill me. If I'm going to Kuoh, then I think my best bet would be to befriend Rias and Sona. I'm not joining their peerage, no matter the benefit I'll get.

Rias is a whiny, lazy, and spoilt princess complaining about Riser without any drive to improve herself. With something like the Power of Destruction, Riser should've never stood a chance against her, but all she did was sit around and whine, waiting for someone to do her job for her. Someone like her honestly disgusts me. Has incredible power and potential, but no ambitions.

Worthless bitch…

Sona is leagues better, but I dislike know-it-all people, and whatever individual who's adamant in following the rules really. Do what you want, just don't shove your stupid beliefs down my throat.

Of course, that's not counting my disdain for working under others. I work for myself, under my own rules and beliefs. Why should I follow after some NPC?

I sigh and shake my head. Ah, whatever. Thinking about this is pissing me off.

I'll try to make connections with them, through that the Devil Faction, but remain independent. Contrary to how many fanfictions portray them, The New Satans aren't bloodthirsty monsters that will immediately kill me the moment I refuse something from them. They're not like the Old Satans – they want to build positive connections instead of making everyone an enemy, even to a human like me.

They want to break the 'Devils are evil' stereotype apart, unlike the Old Satans who embody evil and act on it.

I get up from my futon, struggling a bit as I feel slightly sluggish, then walk towards the open door and into the front garden. I gaze up at the full moon at its highest point, slowly strolling to the middle of the garden.

My mother should be asleep right now if not drinking her ass off, so I should have a bit of time practicing some magic maybe. We're the only people in the compound anyway.

I close my eyes and focus, trying to get the same feeling I felt in the void – the same calming energy that I felt when getting my magic. A weak, but noticeable tugging sensation made itself known in my chest, and reacting on instincts, I pull.

I slowly open my eyes and smile as I see light blue auras covering my hands, and focusing again, I instinctively mold my magic to an icicle as small as a pencil. Focusing felt quite easy after a few seconds, so I turn to my left and fling the small icicle at a small decorative boulder nearby.

Skill created

[Cryomancy: Ice Needle] – Skill

A thin, small, yet very sharp and pointy construct of ice. A weak spell, but quick to cast and shoot whilst having a low MP cost

Deals 5 + INTx0.7 Ice Damage

Costs 5 MP

I mute a squeal of excitement, focusing on my mana to create another spell. This time, I forced more MP, creating a larger icicle before flinging it again, shattering on impact.

Oooh~ This is fun~

Skill created

[Cryomancy: Icicle] – Skill

A sharp and thick icicle thrown at the enemy to impale them. A good beginner spell to practice ice magic

Deals 15 + INTx1.2 Ice Damage

Costs 15 MP

Alright, this is how you force your magic out naturally. How about molding it? I'm only able to make icicles and needles at the moment, so let's see if I make… an arrow perhaps.

I take a deep breath and imagine spell as I create the spell with my magic, a short yet sharp arrow with a thin spine and very thin fletchings. I let the flow of mana does its job, and seconds later, a short arrow made of ice floats above my hand.

Skill created

[Cryomancy: Ice Arrow] – Skill

A high-tier novice spell useful for battle, training one's flow of magic, and control over Cryomancy. Arrows are sharper and soars faster than icicles.

Deals 25 + INTx1.5 Ice Damage

Costs 30 MP

This is really fun~

But I need a… living target to really see what these can do. A dead target will do just as good, so I think it's high time I use my ID create.

I was about to use the skill, but I hesitate slightly. I'm not really sure if I'm equipped for this – all I have on me right now are my red pajamas and spells. I don't know what this dungeon has in store for me. I could be fighting high-level liches or something.

...S-should I go? Try to level up a bit? Or do I wait until tomorrow?

I can… maybe only go through the first wave before leaving. I have a week before I leave for Kuoh, so surely I have enough time to get used to my spells and such, right?

I sigh. Only one way to find out…

As a strange, multicolored glow covers my hand, I clench my fist, casting the spell. The very sky turns red as the mansion around me shifts into a more ruined version of it. I blink a few times, looking around me as I feel a shiver go through my spine. I quickly form an arrow in both hands before hearing a low growl followed by a creaking noise.

Wave start

Defeat 25 Slow Zombies [0/25]

Rewards: 1 Common Gacha Token, Petty Frost Ring, 50 Credits, 2 Minor Stat Crystals

Blinking at the message, I smile slightly. Do rewards cater to my needs? What are the odds of getting a Cryomancy item this early?

I turn around to look at where the noise came from and see a rotten and bloodied old man slowly walk towards me from my room, gurgling and growling. Let's see…

Observe.

Name: Zombie

Title: None

HP - 100

MP - 10

SP - 100

Race – Petty Undead

LVL - 2

STR - 11

END - 7

DEX - 3

INT – 0.5

WIS – 0.2

CHA – 0.1

LUK – 2

Reputation – -100

Affection – - 100

Obedience – - 100

Loyalty – - 100

Thoughts about you - Food

Two arrows and one needle should be enough to destroy it. I don't want to waste MP – I have a limited amount.

I aim both hands at the zombie, shooting it in the chest and thigh. It stumbles and falls on the ground, and as it slowly tries to crawl, I fling a needle at its head, killing it quickly.

Level up!

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level – 2

Title - None

Class - Cryomancer - LVL 2/100 [1%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 100 [20 per minute]

MP - 200 [120 per minute]

SP - 100 [20 per minute]

STR - 10

END - 10

DEX - 10

INT - 20

WIS - 20

CHA - 10

LUK – 10

Already? But it was just one zombie?

I mean, I guess I can understand. I have the 25% bonus from my human race and a double EXP bonus from the Rising Star perk. This is good, I can level up quickly and learn how to use my magic efficiently. I need to be able to hide my magic before I move to Kuoh. That'll give me the advantage of observing the devils without them observing me.

I quickly twirl around as I hear another noise, taking a step back as I see three zombies slowly coming towards me. With confidence in my recent level-up, I shoot them down with arrows and icicles, killing them before they get too close to me.

Catching one with the corner of my eye, I cast three icicles at it, riddling it with holes and ending its life- er, unlife? Is that even a word?

Level up!

My easy smile turns into a smug smirk. This is getting easy, and my fast leveling is making it a breeze.

I wait for a few minutes, but no more zombies come, making my lips thin in annoyance. Do I really have to go look for them? I'm… not sure if fighting in a closed area is a good idea, but I don't think I have any choice.

With a frustrated sigh, walking around the house while keeping my senses sharp. I know the place like the back of my hand, but I'm not sure where the zombies are.

I made sure to step on the creaking wooden floors lightly to not alert any zombies, making sure I'm able to hear anything nearby. A groan to my left stops me in place, and I slowly slide the door open, smirking at two zombies inside. I get rid of them with arrows, then walk towards the next-!

"Kya!" I let out a startled yelp as something pushes me down.

A loud and drawn out groan makes my heart drop and I quickly try to push away the zombie trying to bite me. It slams my shoulder down, opening its rotten maw as it tries to bite me. Acting fast, I stick an icicle inside its mouth and throat, pushing it away and forcing it to fall on its back before I shoot it with two arrows, one more for good measures.

HP - 63/100

I let out a shaky sigh of relief, standing up soon after as I hear more and more undead coming. Must've heard my scream… Fuck.

I rush towards the garden, grimacing as I see over ten zombies already there coming towards me. I look to each side, my hands starting to shake after seeing undead coming from each side. I calm myself down with a deep breath, then kill two zombies coming from the right corridors to make an escape route. I slowly walk backwards, counting the zombies to make sure nothing could come behind me, then nod to myself as I deduce that these are all that's left.

Knowing that leveling up fills my MP reserves by leveling up, I keep casting arrow after arrow, destroying the zombies getting closer. Level 5 made me able to kill the zombies with one arrow, making it far easier. After around two minutes of slowly backing away as I shoot them, I finally clear them out, completing the wave.

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to the next wave?

I sigh deeply, my knees finally giving out as I fall down.

Too close. Way too close for comfort.

If all that made me lose over thirty points of HP, then a bite would've instantly killed me. I'm lucky I was able to think quickly, even under that situation.

But inventory, huh? So I have that too. Do I just think about-

A light blue window opens in front of me, making me chuckle lowly. Alright, guess thinking about it is fine.

Let's see what I got…

[Common Gacha Token] – Item

The lowest tier Gacha Token, snatching common items like a mop or a bottle of water from the vast multiverse. Snap to use!

[Petty Frost Ring] – Item

A very weak enchanted silver ring with a weak magical sapphire. Such an item would be discarded as a failed experiment to most enchanters, but it still has its uses

Increases Ice Magic Damage by 2%

Increases Ice Damage Resistance by 2%

[Lesser DEX Crystal] – Item

A weak magical crystal that when crushed, increases one's DEX by 5

[Lesser CHA Crystal] – Item

A weak magical crystal that when crushed, increases one's CHA by 5

[Credits] – Credits

Credits are the Gamer's currency, used to purchase almost anything from the Store.

The Store is unlocked at level 25

I take out the ring, crystals, and Gacha Token. The DEX and CHA crystals are mint-green and pink respectively, and the Gacha is a thin, black stick as long as my middle finger that has a golden "G" at the end of it. First thing I do is put the ring on, then look at the Token with slight anticipation. It's common level, but I wonder what I'll get…

I snap it, and a brown bracer appears in my hand.

[Leather Bracer] – Item

A basic leather bracer to protect your arm. Light and durable enough to protect you from an average-powered slash from an iron sword.

Gain 2% Physical Damage resistance on the armored part

I raise a brow. Only one bracer? Not even a pair?

Stingy...

I scoff quietly before sending it to my inventory. Last two things are the crystals.

I crush them, colorful orbs flying off of them before I absorb them. I bring up my stats and my eyes widen slightly, a grin blooming on my face.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level – 7

Title - None

Class - Cryomancer - LVL 7/100 [24%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 100 [20 per minute]

MP - 700 [420 per minute]

SP - 100 [20 per minute]

STR - 10

END - 10

DEX - 20

INT - 70

WIS - 70

CHA - 20

LUK – 10

Heh, I got ten points in DEX and CHA instead of five. Rising Star perk affects crystals as well it seems. Isn't that Overpowered?

Even still, I think I'm done for today. Maybe I'll continue tomorrow after I buy some stuff from nearby stores. There's a pawn store somewhere near the mansion, maybe they have something for sale that can help a bit.

There's also a katana in my mother's room – it's there as decoration, sure, but it's a real sword. She never settled for half-hearted decoration for the mansion, always buying the real stuff. Hell, I think there's a spear as well somewhere in the storage shack. An actual spear too.

I can use those as backup weapons in case I run out of magic, or when zombies get too close. Should be useful for now, and later on whenever I get a Spearman or a Swordsman class.

My arm moves on its own, raising high up before clenching my fist, undoing the ID Create spell, and shattering the dungeon. Quite literally too. The air itself shattered like glass, breaking everywhere before everything turns to normal.

I rub my eyes tiredly then walk to my room, pausing as I see my mother holding her head in pain as she strolled through the compound. I step forward to her and she notices me, smiling cheerfully while hiding a wince.

It's… actually kinda strange to look at her now. I know what she looks like, short black hair framing a round-ish face, with bangs in-between her steel-gray eyes. She wore a pair of triangular earrings and a small necklace over the top of her black shirt.

You'd think she looks pretty normal for a Japanese woman, but there's this… I don't know how to say it, but anime-ish look. It's honestly hard to explain, but this made her look far better than any woman in my old world. If she was there, then you can bet she'll make every supermodel out there completely irrelevant.

Hell, that's not counting her body. To me, it looks average, but to my old world, it's almost supernatural. One to die for.

And you know? I look fairly similar, albeit two inches shorter, with smaller boobs, and red eyes I inherited from my deceased father.

"There ya are!" Mizuki states. "I wanted to check up on ya, but didn't find you anywhere! Ya had me pretty damn worried."

"Your Kansai accent is showing again." I remind her instinctively, making her freeze before cursing under her breath. "And I couldn't sleep when I woke up, so I took a walk."

"And you didn't think you should reassure your poor and worried mother that you were fine?" She glares at me, crossing her arms. "You fell down sick so suddenly yesterday, and the first thing you do when you feel better is taking a walk?"

"And the first thing you do after I lie down on my futon is sit in front of the TV and drink?" I raise a brow, unfazed. Her flinch almost made me smirk. "Not stay with me and made sure I was okay?"

"I-I- that's- I thought you went to sleep!" She argues. "I didn't want to bother you. You know that, right? Right?"

"Hm, who knows." I shrug. "I never understood what goes through that thick head of yours anyway, and I gave up a long time ago."

"So mean!" She pouts. "I was gonna cancel our flight to Kuoh, you know? That's how much I've been worried."

...A part of me wishes that you did.

"Ah, thank you for your hospitality. You almost ruined my only chance of getting into a highly prestigious school." I snark. "Feels great to know people care."

"That's- you…ugh." She groans, massaging the bridge of her nose. "Alright, fine, I concede. Let's just say that we both messed up and-"

"But only you messed up."

"Akane!" She glares at me. "I'm trying to come to a-"

"I didn't do anything wrong." I shrug, cutting her off. "A mother should care for her daughter, not the other way around."

"No no no!" My mother shakes her head in a panic. "Family cares for each other! Who taught you these strange things?!"

"It's only logical," I respond calmly. "Cubs don't protect their mothers from danger-"

"Those are bears!" She groans loudly. "We are not bears! We're humans! Hu-mans!"

It's always been fun to mess with her like this, but I'm too tired to keep this up.

"Eh, whatever." I shrug nonchalantly. "I don't really care about bears-"

"That's not what we were talking about!"

"-but I'm tired and want to sleep." As soon as I say that, I yawn. "Goodnight, I guess."

I give her a half-hearted wave and slide the door to my room open, but then I feel her breasts pressing against my back as she embraces me gently. Aside from being too used to smelling it, I can still catch a whiff of alcohol, but it isn't too strong, so I was able to resist the urge to push her away from me.

"I'm so happy that you're fine…" She whispers. "I was so worried, y'know? It- it was so sudden I-"

"I know." I tightly hold her hand. "It's fine, Kaa-san. I'm fine, there's nothing wrong with me. Didn't the doctor say that? It was just a fever."

"...Y-yes, yer right." Mizuki sighs, reverting back to her Kansai accent before backing away. "It's gettin' late and I'm being annoying again. I-I'll leave ya alone now."

She walks away from me, a sad and guilty look on her face as she heads to her room.

"Kaa-san." She stops as I call her. "I love you."

10 Affection with Mizuki Amamiya [80/100]

Knew it'd work!

It took a moment, but her shoulders start to shake before she responds. "I love ya too, sweetie."
She disappears into her room seconds later, but not before I cast observe on her, my eyes widening at her stats.

Name: Mizuki Amamiya

Title: Loving Mother

HP – 1400

MP – 5

SP – 1400

Race – Human

LVL - 42

STR - 103

END - 70

DEX - 111

INT – 56

WIS – 31

CHA – 45

LUK – 15

Reputation – 100

Affection – 80

Obedience – 60

Loyalty – 100

Thoughts about you – Loves you more than anything in the world, but feels very guilty about it

Those… aren't average human stats. What the hell? Why is she so strong for a human? Is she related to the Supernatural somehow? I never saw anything strange with her at all – she's always been the airheaded and energetic mother with slight alcohol and smoke addiction.

And why guilt? What did she do?

I might need to keep an eye on her.

Maybe I should search around her room once she's out or something, see what she's hiding. No average human should be that powerful.

Quest added

[Bloodstained Past] – Quest

Objective: Discover what Mizuki is hiding

Rewards: 2 Common Gacha Tokens, 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, Minor EXP, 100 Credits

Danger Level: Low

A quest? This only makes me want to know about her more, though… Bloodstained Past, huh?

Interesting…

But I'll worry about it tomorrow. I'm still tired as hell…
​

Wandering around the compound, I let out a yawn as I head towards the living room. Birds chirping and the sun shining, I rub my eyes tiredly as I slide the door open, glancing at Mizuki who was lying down on her side as she watched TV.

"Oh, you're up." She raises her arm, then points at my breakfast on the table in the middle of the room. "Just finished with my own food, so yours should still be hot."

"Mhm…" I sit down, taking my chopsticks.

"I can heat it up for you if it isn't." Mizuki offers.

I take a bite of the fish, responding a second later. "It's good."

"Hm… By the way, did you sleep well last night?" She asks, changing channels with the remote. "Did the fever return?"

"I'm fine, Kaa-san." I sigh. "I'm still surprised you're able to wake up earlier than me relatively fine considering how much you drink."

"What can I say? I'm an early bird!" She states proudly, raising a can of beer in the air. "Besides, I inherited your father's livers. Hangovers are no problem for me!"

"That's not how the human body works," I say calmly, a small smile of amusement on my face. "But nothing I say will go through that thick head of yours anyway."

"Jerk..."

We spend the next few minutes in silence, me eating in peace as my mother changes the channels, probably looking for something entertaining. Not long after, the TV lands on the news channel, but before Mizuki could change, the news reveals something mildly interesting.

"Up next, we have the increasingly concerning news about the missing girls in Kiyoraha." The news reporter says. "Without a word, young girls from twelve to twenty years old have gone missing without a trace. The Police Force still hasn't got a clue about these incidents, so please make sure to not leave the house alone late at night and always have a phone in hand."

"Heeh…" Mizuki sips from her can. "Poor girls. I hope nothing bad happened to them."

"They most likely got kidnapped and trafficked," I comment bluntly. "Prrrrooobably raped on the way too."

That prompted my mother to choke on her own drink, coughing violently as she adjusts her seating position – crossed-legged before she looks at me in shock.

"Akane!"

"What?" I raise a brow. "I just came to a logical conclusion with the information in hand. It's horrible, sure, but no use in denying reality."

She flinches, sighing a second later. "Ya really don't mince yer words, do ya…"

"Accent, Kaa-san."

"Gah! Damn it!"

I turn my attention to the TV, finishing the last bite of my breakfast.

Missing girls, huh? Wonder what really kidnapped them though. It's a possibility that some yakuza grunts not knowing how yakuza works got them, but it could be something else. The Supernatural does exist after all, so I won't be surprised if a Devil or something snatched them away.

Creatures of Sin kidnapping young and beautiful women. I wonder why?

Quest added

[Shadow of Kiyoraha] – Quest

Objective: Discover who's been kidnapping girls in Kiyoraha

Bonus Objective: Kill the Kidnapper

Rewards: 3 Common Gacha Tokens, 2 Uncommon Gacha Tokens, Minor EXP, Necklace of Rejuvenation

Bonus Rewards: 1 Rare Gacha Token, Moderate EXP, Frost Soldier Pin

Danger Level: High

Time Limit: 6 Days, 3 Hours, 52 Minutes...

A smile stretches across my face. Those look like good rewards, but I think I'll need to level up a bit before I start it. It's where I live, so they're probably close by. I'm pretty sure they'll show up if I start walking around the neighborhood really late at night.

When that happens, I'll be ready.

"So!" Mizuki speaks up, turning the TV off before looking at me with a grin. "Any plans for today?"

"Not particularly." I shrug. "I'll just walk around town, maybe visit the pawnshop to see if they have anything. What about you?"

"Hehehe…" She chuckles, giving me a proud smile. "The Champion of Kiyoraha has been challenged once again in a match of-"

"Mahjong. Got it."

"Don't make it sound so lame!" She whines.

"Should I expect you coming back late then?" I ask, ignoring her antics. "Last time you were 'challenged', you passed out drunk in a bar nearby to 'celebrate your victory'. You're lucky one of the neighbors recognized you and brought you here."

Mizuki winces, giggling nervously. "T-that was an accident. It won't happen again, I promise. I'll be back before dinner."

My gaze lingers on her fidgeting form, then I relent with a sigh. "Fine, but no drinking."

"Why am I being scolded?" My mother sighs, a dark cloud hanging over her head. "I'm s'posed to be the mother..."

"That wasn't a 'yes'."

"Y-yes ma'am!" She salutes. "No drinking! Want a Pinky Promise?"

I roll my eyes and stand up. "Whatever."

"Wait, where are you going?"

"I told you; I'm taking a walk," I respond, sliding the door open. "Send me a message when you leave the house."

"Okay." She waves with a happy smile. "Take care!"
​


Strolling around the city, I notice that people in groups are more common than individuals going alone. I guess the news about this kidnapping got everyone on edge lately, especially with how surprisingly common it is. No one is sure when it happens since people went missing midday even, but late at night seems to be more frequent.

Whoever, or whatever they are, they're restless. It won't take long for them to mess up and attack the wrong person. A supernatural creature like a Yokai or maybe a high-ranking yakuza. Unless it's a very powerful entity, I don't think it'll be able to keep this up.

I already have a couple of ideas on what it could be. I doubt it's a Fallen, Angel, or Yokai. These don't seem the type to attack and kidnap random citizens for no reason. Someone might say that they could be hunting for Sacred Gear users, but I very much doubt it. Tens of Sacred Gear users in the same place? Impossible.

So this leaves us with two suspects. Devils and Humans.

I can see thugs or delinquents kidnapping girls and trafficking them somewhere for money. It's possible, and it did happen before, but I don't think the kidnappers are this stupid to do it in broad daylight. Specifically, how random it is. There is no pattern from what I read in the article – they're just vanishing left and right without any form of organizing or planning. Once the Go-Ryu hears about this, then there's no saving them, no ifs, buts, and whys.

It's reckless, extremely reckless. Humans are arrogant, but they're not dumb.

Speaking of arrogant and dumb… doesn't that describe how Devils are? Arrogance to the point of pure stupidity? Don't get me wrong, someone like the Four Satans isn't what I'd call stupid. They're intelligent to the point of it being honestly terrifying, but we're not talking about the Satans here.

Devils, even the low-class, are egotistical and cocky. They see humans as nothing more than ants, so they walk over them without any fear of possible consequences. After all, what can a human do to a devil?

So this would explain the recklessness, but doesn't explain why? They're creatures of sin, but why so many women? Wouldn't one or two, maybe even three be enough? Over twelve women went missing now, so what exactly is going on?

One more piece to solve this stupid puzzle…

Arriving at my destination, I take a good look at the Pawnshop in front of me. Only here to buy some protective gear. I have the money thankfully, but let's hope that they have what I want.

I open the door, the elderly shopkeeper giving me a warm smile as he welcomes me from behind the counter. "Welcome!"

He lets me browse in peace, glass display cases all around the store. Jewelry, handbags, perfumes, baseball bats, scarfs – multiple pretty but undoubtedly low-quality items decorating the place. My lips thin as I don't see anything that can be used as armor.

"Do you have anything for protection?" I ask, making his eyes go wide.

"Ojou-san, I'm... afraid I don't sell that kind of protection here. You can try the convenience store a few blocks that way."

"Not that." I scowl in annoyance. "I meant literal protection. Something like body armor."

"Ah…" He scratches his chin. "I think I have something like that. Just a moment."

As he goes to the backroom, I glance around a second time, looking for anything that interests me. Bags look great from a distance, but they're all outdated and of very poor quality compared to the real stuff – not like I buy bags anyway – and Jewelry is all most likely plastic.

Observe confirms that.

Some scarfs look good, but it's not even winter. Besides, a scarf can be disadvantageous in a fight, especially when someone decides to hold on to them and pull.

At the corner of the shop, there's a basket filled with baseball bats. I take a step towards it, tilting my head as I grab a basic metal one.

[Metal Bat] – Item

A very normal metal baseball bat. Usually used for baseball, but it can be used as a lethal weapon. Possibility of giving a concussion when used to hit someone's head.

Deals 50 + STRx2.5 Physical Damage

Hmm, not bad for a common level item. Maybe I should take one? I might need it in the Zombie Dungeon – Blunt force could help out later on.

I take a quick glance around the shop, clicking my tongue in annoyance as I see a security camera. Stealing it is out of the question. Even if I stuff it in my inventory, the camera will still catch what happened.

Guess I'm buying it then…

I spot the elderly shopkeeper finally coming back, putting what seems to be black body armor on the counter. I smile slightly, taking the bat with me as I inspect the item.

[Armored Motorcycle Jacket] – Item

A regular Biker Armor made of leather and kevlar, protecting the wearer from sudden falls on the pavement or life-threatening collisions with other bikes. Looks stylish.

Gain 10% Physical Damage resistance on the armored part

"Nice…" I put the bat on the counter next to it. "How much?"

"21,000 Yen." He says, making me frown slightly before sighing.

I take out my wallet and give him the amount, causing a smile to appear on his face. He was about to take the items to put them in a bag, but I snatch them before he could, quickly walking out of the place. Making sure no one was looking, I stuff the items inside my inventory, then go about my merry way.

Now that's taken care of, I'll spend the rest of my day gathering information about the kidnapper until my mother leaves the house, then I can go back and snoop around her room to discover what she's hiding. The best place to look for info would be where the last incident took place.

An empty alley around the corner of a popular burger chain. I'm not sure if the police should be there, but they shouldn't take too long to investigate.

I wave at the cab parked a block away from the pawnshop, the taxi driver opens the window and nods.

"Where to, Ojou-san? Fare is 550 Yen."

"Smile Burger, the one close to the boulevard."

He nods. "Understood. Please get in."

I nod back and get in the backseat of the car.

I really hope I can find a clue or something...​


I glance at my watch, grimacing slightly as I see that it's 4 PM. I've been waiting for the police to leave the scene for two hours now, going from one place to another while observing them. There's some detective going with two officers inside the alley as one more officer guards the entrance, shooing away anyone who tries to enter.

I've been making sure to stay subtle, not getting in the officer's line of sight except maybe a few times. I'm not stupid; he might get an idea if he saw me walking around the same place too many times, same with staying too close for too long.

"Here's your order, miss." The waitress says, putting the tray on the table in front of me. "Enjoy your food."

"Thank you," I mumble absentmindedly, unwrapping the burger before taking a bite.

I've been in this place for twenty minutes now, taking my time to order my food just so I can stay in longer. Besides, it's a very good place for observing the alleyway and the police guarding it. Once they leave, I'll rush in and see what I can find.

And it's time for lunch anyway. Might as well get a meal out of this.

I take a sip from my drink, eyes widening as I see the detective finally leaving the alley. I blink a few times, glancing around me quickly to make sure no one is looking before putting the remaining food inside my inventory.

I make sure that I'm not seen, waiting for them to fuck off, then dash inside the alleyway and into a tight place. Empty boxes, lumber, garbage cans – nothing quite interesting. My eyes narrow, looking for anything out of the ordinary.

There must be something here, right? There can't be zero evidence, no matter how small. The kidnapper must've screwed up or something.

I unconsciously bite my lips, unable to find anything as I get further and further away from the entrance of the alley. Come on, anything will do…

"Well, well, lookie here!" A voice calls out, making me pause. "Looks like we got a pretty one boys!"

I slowly turn around, my back against the wall as five people wearing green tracksuits look at me with lecherous grins. One was holding a baseball bat, two others were gripping on pipes, but all of them mean bad business.

Great, now I got these idiots to deal with…

Gangs might be annoying, but they sure as hell were fierce when someone fucked with their turf, and all of them knew me and kept their distance. If a Yakuza saw this scene, he'd push the delinquents away and be on his business, but the Omi is nowhere near as protective as the old gangs I used to fight against.

I miss them...

"Whachu doin' here, Ojou-chan?" The leader asks, a smug smirk on his face. "Are ya lost? You poor little thing~"

I resist a roll of my eyes as his friends laugh along with him. Stereotypical delinquents…

"And what are you doing?" I raise a brow. "Really, harassing someone in Go-Ryu grounds? You have a death wish or something?"

The moron pauses, looking at me dumbfounded. "What?"

"Are you deaf, dipshit?" I smirk. "I said this is Omi turf. If you value your life, then turn around, be a good little boy and fuck off."

His eyes widen, then he scowls. "The hell d'you say, bitch?!"

"O-oi, boss, we should go." One of his friends who had a wide smile was now looking at me with terror. "W-we shouldn't harass people. Goda might be watchin' us, dude. He's gonna fuck us up before movin' on to our families."

"Ya serious?" The 'boss' turned around, glaring at his buddy. "We been in this town fer months now, and we barely saw any yakuza. Ya think they're gonna snap out 'o thin air cuz this bitch said so?!"

"You should listen to your friend, boss," I smirk condescendingly. I already know where this is gonna go. "Come on now, shoo. You might be late for dinner~"

"You piece of shit." He sneers, grabbing me by the collar. "You think you're cute?!"

"Bitch-" I push him back, tightly grabbing his neck. "I'm adorable."

Without another word, I kick him in the nuts, forcing him to let go of me before kneeling. I quickly take out my baseball bat and swing at his head with every bit of my strength, and a quick glance at his HP tells me that he's dead. So location damage bonus is a thing here, huh?

The others were shell-shocked, and I use the chance to dismiss my bat and use both hands to cast ice arrows at them, killing the farthest three. The last one charges with his fist swinging at me, and I quickly sidestep as it smashes into the wall behind me. I kick his leg, making him fall, then immediately shoot an ice arrow at his face.

Level up x2

I take a minute to process what's happened, my eyes widening as I look at the corpses of the delinquents.

"Holy crap..." I mumble. "I just killed 'em all..."

I look at my hands, clenching and unclenching my fists as I process what happened. It was so fast - I reacted on instinct. The moment I hit the leader, my body felt like it was on autopilot. I knew I needed to kill them before they reacted to their friend suddenly dying like this.

My back was against the wall, and all of them had more physical stats than me. They could've easily pinned me down if they got close, and I don't think I'm skilled enough to come up with spells on the spot like this.

I've gotten in a lot of fights before, I've sent lots of people to the hospital- hell, I went there more than once too after brutal fights that involved nearby objects in the streets. Beating people to an inch of their lives wasn't new to me, in fact, I've gotten so used to it I started to enjoy it sometimes.

But I've never killed anyone before this. The correct and natural response would be fear and maybe guilt, but I don't feel anything. A part of me even feels morbid catharsis. It's not right to feel this way, I know it isn't, but I can't help but feel so apathetic.

I let out a sigh, smirking a second later. This must be the work of Gamer's Mind mixed with Sociopath, then. I knew it was powerful, but I admittedly underestimated it.

And a double level up? I won't say no to that.

I don't think anyone heard the commotion, but better to deal with this mess now before anyone comes here. I really, really hope the Omi didn't somehow see this. Even with the Gamer, I don't think I can deal with an entire Yakuza organization right now.

I crouch down at the corpse of the leader. Can I stuff corpses in my inventory?

Said corpse instantly vanishes from sight, my smirk widening at that. I can apparently.

I do the same for the other corpses, making sure to not take my time in hiding the evidence. My ice arrows already melted or dispelled to be more accurate, so nothing remained here except for the blood. Maybe I can check their belongings once I go back home, they might have something useful for me to use. I'll just burn the corpses or something later. No use in having them there if they're useless.

I crouch next to the last corpse in the corner, making it vanish into my inventory the next instant. I was about to get up and leave the place, but then I noticed something… dried blood? It's almost unnoticeable, and it's nigh invisible even when I'm this close to it.

Dried blood leads to behind a large crate, surrounded by garbage bins, boxes, and other, smaller crates. Some kind of a possible clue?

I move the stuff around, enough for me to get closer to the large crate. I think I might be able to pull this away…

I take a deep breath then grab the edges of the crate, pulling it back and away from whatever clue I found. It was heavy, and I even saw my Stamina drop to 80, 60, 50, 40, until it reaches 10. I let go of the crate, catching my breath for a few seconds before I decide to look around the crate.

The sight made my eyes widen in shock.

A grotesque half-eaten head and a bloodied face. The eyes were plucked out, and there was a hole in the skull. The brain was nowhere to be seen – as if it was sucked out. Half of the teeth were broken, and the tongue is sliced in half.

It was… honestly sickening to look at.

As well as morbidly fascinating.

...Pretty sure I lost my appetite though.

On the bright side, I think I know who's the 'kidnapper' is. Turns out it wasn't a kidnapper, but most likely a Stray Devil – Kinda forgot they exist to be honest – devouring people, targeting young women for some reason. Not sure why, but that's the only possible conclusion I've come to.

And now that I did…

I think it's time to fuck right off back home. Fuck waiting for my mother to call. I'm not suffering the same fate as this girl.

I quickly jog out of the alley, shivering as I felt cold air going through me. I feel something is watching me, which only made me nope out of there faster than my legs can take me. Nah, I'm not messing with a Stray Devil at my level.

I have a week to train. I can deal with it later.

I'll just stick to my wonderful haven I call 'home'.​
Last edited: Oct 19, 2021
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Lemir, dedude and 473 others
Mirlnir
Mar 13, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 2: Secrets Unraveled
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 7, 2021
Add bookmark
#59
Spoiler: Important AN
Spoiler: Important AN


(Mizuki)

After flipping through the channels, she exhaled a cloud of cigarette smoke while sat on the floor as her steel-grey eyes remained dull and bored. Mizuki glanced at her smartphone, frowning at the time. At ten past four, it'd still be another hour and twenty minutes before she could go to the mahjong parlor.

"Tsk, nothing interestin' ever on anymore…" She mumbled to herself, taking another drag from her cigarette. "Still twenty minutes before One Piece comes on…"

Mizuki clicked her tongue, leaning back until she was laying down. She shut her eyes, but the frown remained as her thoughts returned to the meeting she'd attended a few months back. She shouldn't and Mizuki knew that, but with Daigo's persistence and the promises he'd been willing to make to her, she relented, not mentioning her daughter's own desire to continue her education there.

Kuoh Academy might be a very prestigious school, but the place stuffed to the rafters with disgusting, filthy devils, not even the normal and easily disposed of kind, but apparently two heiresses, one being the literal sister of Lucifer.

What the fuck was Daigo thinking? Giving those literal hellspawns a chunk of Kanto? Fucking Kuoh of all places? Sure, as the Chairman of the Tojo Clan he wants his organization of almost 30,000 loyal and powerful and active Yakuza to be in a decent relationship with every faction, but the devils? There was the Fallen, the Olympians, or even the Norse, but he chose fucking devils out of the lot. That peace-loving moron is gonna get them all killed someday, maybe enslaved to those bat-winged fuckers.

Mizuki sighed, frowning bitterly. No, that wasn't fair to Daigo. She knew he means well, both for the human race and all living beings in general, but it didn't stop it from hurting her to know that he decided to make a pact with them instead of just throwing them out of Japan as the Samurai'd done with the Mongols. He's in the right, and what made it worse was that she knew it, but even then…

….Well, at least she wasn't alone with her sentiments. Watase, Ryuji, even Yasaka agreed with her, even if the latter is having to consider a follow-up act with her own peace agreement with the devils at this rate. As for Mizuki? She'd do anything in her power to see the damned worms squirming and begging for their lives. She'd never forgive them for what they'd done.

And now her sweet, snarky, lovely daughter will be at the heart of their fucking lair after Mizuki tried so hard to keep her away from the supernatural. Akane doesn't deserve to be dragged into that hellhole. She should live the life of a normal human, with a normal job, living a normal life, marrying a normal, decent, human, to eventually have normal children before dying old and happy like a normal woman.

A sinking feeling let her that that future was slipping further and further away, especially after Akane's mana suddenly spiked up overnight.

"Stop kickin' me when I'm already down, Universe-sama," she whined.

It might not mean much, but at least Daigo'd promised to keep her safe. He promised that he'd send out one of his best, a patriarch and his family, to protect Akane from the shadows, but she wasn't told who and that worried her. She might have connections with both the Tojo and Omi, but Yakuza weren't to be overly trusted as a rule of thumb, even at the best of times.

Even with that, at least she'll be there with her daughter alongside her late husband's best friend. The moment he heard about the news, the man immediately booked a vacation and came down from Kamurocho to stay with them in Kuoh. If there was anyone she could trust more than Daigo, Yakuza or no, it was Akane's uncle.

The sound of approaching footsteps gave Mizuki pause, which caused her to tilt her head to look at the open door of the living room only to spot her daughter entering quickly, an uneasy frown marring her face. She blinked, putting out the cigarette in the ashtray before going after Akane.

"Heeh, yer back early," Mizuki stated. "Thought ya were gonna take a few more hours. What gives?"

"Nothing, really," Akane replied, her girl was lying through her teeth, but Mizuki decided against calling her out on it. "Just remembered the news and thought coming back early would be best. Also, accent."

Mizuki clicked her tongue, frowning in annoyance before continuing. "That's weird. Didn't think stuff like that scared you. Usually, you'd be the first one to snoop around after the rumors... before getting into another fight."

"Yeah, well, this is different." She said, looking even more uncomfortable. "It's a gut feeling, okay? This whole situation kinda creeps me out."

"Eh?! You?! Creeped out?!" Mizuki looked surprised. "Am I talkin' to the same person who used to pick up cicadas and shove 'em up in another kid's face?! I thought cockroaches were the only things that creeped you out!"

"Can you stop dragging that up?!" Akane scowled at her, face reddening a bit.

"Which, the Cicada Incident or the cockroaches?" The mother grinned, relishing the reaction she'd fished out of her daughter.

"Both- ughhh!" Akane groaned, that adorable blush on her face deepening. "Whatever, I'm taking a shower now. Please don't bother me unless it's important."

"But you took one early today already?"

"Well, I'm taking another."

With that, Akane left for the bathroom, leaving behind a smug and self-satisfied Mizuki. Ah yes, one of her favorite past times: teasing and embarrassing her daughter. Once Akane'd hit puberty, she became more distant, snarky, and rude to a degree, but that was no issue because Mizuki had an unbeatable weapon.

She knew all the dumb and adorable shit her daughter had done over the years.

Considering how she acts now, the Akane of today absolutely hated her younger self. The tiny, energetic, loud, and nosy girl had done plenty of stuff in her time which was absolute grade-S mom-blackmail material, which Mizuki would use relentlessly to torment this new, calm, and mature Akane.

And it was always such a delight to see; the sight of her daughter so thoroughly embarrassed. Though Mizuki could do without the return-fire of dirty language and often-times undeserved attempts at revenge. But no pain no gain went the saying.

Also, Akane definitely deserved it. The girl is a problem child that always got into fights just because someone looked at her wrong, and who is it that eventually has to cough up for the damages or has to come to apologize later? Mizuki. Who has to bail Akane out of starting shit with the police? Mizuki. Who's the one who has to pay the hospital bills for whoever Akane sent there?

You guessed it. Mi-zu-ki.

In fact, she wasn't quite satisfied with what she'd managed to tease out of her girl. That was just baby-level embarrassment. No, she had to get Akane utterly flustered, but what could she follow up with?

Mizuki frowned in thought. Hmm, following her to the bathroom sounded like a start.

And that's what she did, just as soon as the sound of pouring water came out. Mizuki peeked around the bathroom, grinning mischievously as she saw the one towel Akane had brought out for herself.

Hehe, we'll see how you feel about prancin' around the house naked!

"Reeru kara hazureta~" Akane sang, her voice almost drowned out by the noise of the shower. "Furyouhin no norainu sa~"

"Anybody tell you how beautiful your voice is?" Mizuki called out with a smirk, hoping to have caught her off guard.

"da kedo- Yes, I know. It's amazing- kantan ni wa~" She continued without missing a beat, seemingly uncaring that her mother heard. "Teeru wa furanai ze~"

Well, that didn't work.

Damn it. Mizuki pouted. What to do, what to do…

Looking around the place for anything that can be used to mortify her beautiful daughter. She spotted Akane's clothes peeking out of the laundry basket, then a grin formed on her face. She tip-toed over to the basket, taking out the clothes one by one. Red coat, black button-up shirt, plain black panties, and-

Mizuki froze, grimacing at the barely visible bloodstains on Akane's trousers. With a deep sigh, she questioned her daughter.

"Honey, did you get in a fight again?"

"Wow, breakin' the- uhhhhh no?" Akane lied. "...Maybe?"

"Akane…"

"Look, they asked for it, alright?" She said quickly. "Tried to harass me, I kicked their asses. Regular day-to-day stuff."

"Did-"

"Yes, I made sure nobody was looking," Akane answered. "It was in a tight alley anyway. Don't think there were any cameras either."

"At least you weren't careless." Mizuki sighed again.

She dropped the clothes back into the basket, glancing around for anything else. Mizuki smirked as she saw Akane's phone on one of the shelves, then scowling as she noticed it had a new password. She put it pack, pouting at her failure to find anything incriminating.

I s'pose the only thing left for me to mess with here is that towel, Mizuki thought to herself.

Just as soon as she laid hands on the white towel, the showerhead cut off, making her stiffen in panic as she looked around for a hiding spot. To no avail, however, as Akane slid the door open, pausing as she saw her mother, towel in hand, looking extremely suspicious. Akane sighed, looking deadpanned as Mizuki laughed nervously.

That… was a quick shower.

"I'm gonna regret asking this, aren't I..." She muttered to herself. "What the hell are you doing?"

"Uhhhh… stuff?"

"Stuff."

"Yeah, stuff."

"...what kind of stuff?"

"Y-y'know, this and that."

Akane did not look convinced at all.

"Just give me the damned towel" she demanded, holding a hand out.

Damn it! She thought to herself, biting her lips. Think Mizuki think! This is your last chance before you get your butt kicked!

There was nothing in the room now she could use to embarrass her, so the only thing Mizuki could think to look at was her daughter in front of her. Wet and silky hair, smooth, flawless fair skin, decent breasts, and a good waist gave her a figure that even her own mother was a bit envious of, long legs and-

Mizuki paused as she noticed her daughter's crotch.

"T-the hell are you looking at?" Akane fidgeted, more than likely a little weirded out.

The wires in Mizuki's brain must have crossed since she forgot to filter her next two words as they left her mouth, she sounded casual, as though she was asking about the weather.

"You shave?"

Akane flinched, her expression morphing into one of flustered outrage. She struggled to form words, a strangled noise left her throat before her face, ears and even neck became crimson from sheer embarrassment or anger.

Most likely both.

"What the hell- what kind of question is that?!" She yelled, reflexively covering her privates. "Are ya out of your fucking mind?!"

"Hey, it's an honest question." Mizuki tried to play it up, enjoying the delicious schadenfreude from her daughter's mortification.

"Of- of course, I do!" She answered, surprisingly. "What, yer sayin' ya don't?!"

"I just trim it to look nice." Her mother shrugged.

"Rhetorical question, ma!" Her shock, embarrassment and anger were joined by disgust. "Ya didn't need ta answer!"

"Hey, hey, we're family, it's fine." Mizuki shook her head with a sigh before an impish smile can over her expression, "Heck, I can teach you how to make it look nice if you want"

Akane didn't bother to respond, stomping over to her mother before snatching the towel away from her. "Gimme that!"

"Oh my!" Mizuki smirked. "I don't recall having raised such a rude young lady, where did my sweet girl go?"

"Go fuck yourself."

"Tsk, tsk." Her smirk widened. "You shouldn't have said that."

Just as Akane passed her, Mizuki took the opportunity to deliver a swift spank, eliciting a pained yelp from her daughter. Akane scowled with the fury of a thousand suns, an admittedly unsettling growl escaping her throat as tears made themselves known at the corners of her eyes.

"Ya fuckin' did it now, you cock-suckin' bitch." Mizuki flinched as Akane's mana levels suddenly spiked. "I swear I'm gonna stab ya in yer sleep."

But even then, Mizuki fearlessly puffed her cheeks. "Hey, the only cock I ever sucked was your father's."

"STOP IT!" She shivered. "I didn't need ta hear that ya moron!"

Mizuki then blinked, only just noticing something, prompting her to smirk widely. "Sweetie?"

"What?"

"Accent."

Akane's mouth clamped shut as she silently, yet furiously, strode away, leaving the bathroom behind and most likely heading for her room. Mizuki sighed in contentment, smirking widely at the show she'd gotten.

Just another day in this wonderful life of hers.

(Akane)

I'm somewhat surprised at how fast my previous anger evaporated. I thought my Sin of Wrath would cause me to hold grudges for longer, or that's what it implied anyway, but thirty minutes in, and I only found myself mildly annoyed at the previous teasing. Sure, I'm planning to pay her back tenfold, but nothing that might include serious bodily harm.

Maybe it's because I'm used to it? She always does this crap anyway, trying to get a rise out of me. I learned to ignore it or straight up kick her ass if she gets too annoying, however, what she did today really caught me off guard.

I know the dumbass doesn't have a filter, but that was just too much.

I'm not even sure how I got flustered. Sociopaths don't typically feel embarrassment unless we bring it on ourselves, but then again, I technically just became one recently. Maybe there are some leftover emotions I can still feel? People don't just flip a switch and turn into a sociopath like me. I don't know, I'm not a psychologist.

... I still hate that I'm used to getting teased, but maybe that's for the best. I can actually sorta control my anger with my mother. I definitely don't want to kill her now. She still has way too many secrets for me to pry into, and something's whispering to me that she'll be one to keep around once I do learn them. We'll see, I suppose.

"Well, I'll be going now." My mother informs, looking at me from the door frame with a smile. "Want anything?"

I simply sprout my middle finger from a fist held in her direction while staring at the TV, prompting a giggle from her. "Chocolate then? Okay~"

"I never said that," I reply.

"So you don't want any?"

I remain silent, pursing my lips in annoyance.

"That's what I thought." She smirks before waving goodbye. "Look after the house until I get back. See you at dinner, love you~"

With that, she slides the door closed, leaving me alone. I flip through the channels for a few minutes until I'm sure she's out of the compound, at which point I turn off the TV before leaving the living room. I have about four hours until she gets back, which is more than enough time to rummage through her room and grind in the dungeon.

I stalk over to my mother's room, pausing as the door refuses to budge. What the hell? How is it locked? You can't just lock a Shoji- there's literally no way to lock a traditional Japanese door.

I frown in thought. There's got to be something big within, but how do I open this damn door. I mean, it's paper, I could easily just punch through it, but then I'd have to explain why there was a hole in the door. I don't think mom would believe anything I say if I tried destructively getting in.

Damn it, how did she lock the stupid thing? How do I get in?

... I don't think I can.

I frown in thought.

At least, not right now. I need to have her unlock it somehow. Trick her into doing it for me. I doubt just asking her would work, and if it did, all it'll do is make me look suspicious.

So for now, I can't do anything until she comes back.

If that's the case, then all I can do that would be productive is grinding for a couple of hours and then maybe do something else afterward. Kiyoraha gets kinda crowded at this time of day, so I don't think whatever stray devil is out there is going to attack me. That's if I stay out of dark alleyways and otherwise avoid acting like an idiot.

I sigh, stepping back and taking out the leather bracer as well as the Motorcycle Jacket, putting them both on for the extra defense. I pull out the Baseball bat as my free hand glows, and after a deep and admittedly nervous breath, I activate the ID Create spell.

Only this time, a new window appears.

Choose Wave.

Wave 1 – 25 Slow Zombie [Cleared!]

Wave 2 - ??? [New!]

So I can choose what wave I start in? That's useful.

But the skill says cleared waves don't give any benefits, such as levels or rewards.

...Though, it never said anything about skill EXP, right? So it's possible I could level up my Masteries and all that. I'm not sure, but it's worth giving it a shot. I'll start with the first wave again, to experiment with the skill a bit more.

Just before I confirm my choice on the window, I pause, glancing around the place. The compound is a little small though. Maybe I should get out? Find a place where I can run around comfortably.

I do just that, leaving the ruined version of my home. The roads, nearby buildings, parks- Kiyoraha as a whole looks to be in ruins. I walk through the ghost town, heading for the nearby park I used to play in as a kid.

This place is big enough. I can move freely, and escaping if things got dire shouldn't be much of an issue either.

Feeling ready, I start; mentally choosing the 'Wave 1' option, then the dungeon quest appears like before, only without any listed rewards this time.

Wave start

Defeat 25 Slow Zombies [0/25]

Rewards: None

I clench the bat tightly, my left hand glowing blue as I prepare an arrow. A zombie slowly stumbles towards me with a growl, but a single swing to its head shattered its skull completely, making me grin.

"Critical hit…" I mutter under my breath, shooting another that was approaching in the chest.

One arrow is worth 130 damage with my current INT, and most zombies have an HP value of between 90 to 110, so all of them are one-shot without any difficulty, especially with how fast my MP regen is.

A glance at my Mana Control skill confirmed that the EXP gain for skills is not included in the repeated waves rule, therefore I can actually practice in cleared dungeons to get some use out of them. This makes grinding a lot easier, but there's still my two-hour time limit to account for.

I make quick work of the zombies, the big, empty park making it easy to spot them before they get too close. Once they were taken care of, the 'Wave Clear' message appeared, and under it was 'Proceed to the Next Wave?'.

I'm not sure what I'll be facing, but I shouldn't be too reckless. If I had to guess, then maybe it would be running zombies? My 20 DEX is great for now, but I'm not sure if I can outrun a running zombie yet.

My eyes narrow seriously as I activate the next Wave, I take a deep breath.

Wave start

Defeat 15 Slow Zombies and 20 Fast Zombies [0/35]

Rewards: 2 Common Gacha Tokens, Frost Shiv, 50 Credits, 3 Minor Stat Crystals

Hah, called it.

Slightly better rewards than the previous Wave. I don't know how good this Frost Shiv is, though I doubt it'd be better than the bat I'm using right now. The ring I got from Wave 1 is pretty weak, so I don't think this will be any different.

Not to mention, who the hell uses a knife or a shiv against zombies? Getting too close to something that doesn't feel pain was silly unless what you're using can just one-shot them.

A wail pulls my attention away from the rewards, prompting me to quickly turn around to see a zombie running at me surprisingly quickly. Its stats are only a bit above the slow ones from before if you don't count the large difference in DEX, so I was able to simply kill it with a pair of Ice Arrows.

Name: Zombie

Title: None

HP - 160

MP - 10

SP - 130

Race – Petty Undead

LVL - 2

STR - 15

END - 9

DEX - 26

INT – 0.8

WIS – 0.4

CHA – 0.1

LUK – 2

Multiple Slow Zombies followed after, but they weren't an issue. The first one felt like a warning shot of sorts because no more runners appeared until I finished off the last slow one.

Level up x4!

Three more Fast Zombies sprint after me, all from different directions, but I manage to react fast enough to use my Ice Magic, riddling them with arrows and killing them all. Five more appear, but I can't simply kill them all before one gets near, so I start running away.

Level up x2!

They're faster than me, but not by much. I was able to keep a distance between them and myself while shooting arrows at them, killing them one by one. As I turn my head to where I was running, I gasp as two face me. Reacting quickly, I smash my bat into the first's head, forcing it to stumble away as I stick an arrow right in the other's face, killing it instantly.

The one I used my bat on howls, hitting me in the chest with a swipe from its rotten fist. It was stronger than the average man, so it did hurt a bit, but my armor managed to help me not stumble and fall on my ass, and I responded with another smash to the face with the bat, destroying the head.

Knowing I can't stop to rest, I get ready as the trailing Fast Zombies approach. I stow the bat in my inventory and use both of my hands to stream Ice Arrows into them, glancing around me every once in a while to kill any that were coming from behind.

A few moments later and I finally clear the wave, causing me to sigh in relief. Okay, I'm not good at dealing with the fast ones. Leaving the compound was an amazing idea. I would've been ripped apart if I stayed there and they'd been able to hem me in.

Level up! X2

[Ice Magic Control] Rank up!

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to the next wave?

Okay, I'm done with that little difficulty spike. I knew underestimating this dungeon would be a terrible idea, seeing how weak I am in terms of my physical stats. I really hope the stat crystal rewards are either DEX or STR.

I withdraw the items, frowning at the crystals. Two CHA and one LUK. I crush them anyway, but it doesn't mean I'm happy about this. Oh well, a stat increase is a stat increase.

Oh well, let's hope the Tokens give me something more useful.

The first one I snapped gave me a tiny vial filled with a glowing red liquid, making me raise a brow. What the hell is this?

[Petty HP Potion] – Item

A weak potion that restores a tiny amount of HP

Restores 50 HP

Huh, well, this is definitely useful considering my low HP. A hundred points isn't exactly in danger of straying into tank territory after all.

And the next one is…

[Iron Nail] – Item

A regular iron nail. Nothing special.

Useless, I scoff as I throw the junk over my shoulder.

Well, I wasn't expecting anything much out of common level tokens so I can't very well get too disappointed about it. I wonder what qualifies as an uncommon tier item though, or a rare one. I hope I get the next tier of stuff soon.

I take out the new ice weapon, which looks very like my Ice Spike spell, but a tiny bit thinner. It looked like it's sharpened too, unlike the obviously crude end of the spikes I make. Essentially, it looks like a higher-quality Ice Spike.

[Frost Shiv] – Item

Enchanted ice that won't melt by normal means, turned into a sharp shiv.

Deals 15 + DEXx0.7 Physical Damage and 25 Ice Damage.

Bonus: Backstabbing deals twice as much damage.

Yeeaaah my bat deals more damage than this and has a longer range. That bonus might look tempting, but it really doesn't amount to much. With my 10 Strength, my baseball bat deals 75 Damage in total, but with my 20 Dexterity, the shiv only deals 54, backstab makes it 108.

It really isn't worth it. I'm not the sneakiest person around, and I'd rather just use my spells instead anyway.

Can I throw this at something instead? It'd probably be more useful that way.

Now, what do I do? Should I drop out of this dungeon and use my time in a safer environment I.E. at home, or do I continue grinding? This has been significantly easier than the first time since I knew what to expect, and my increase in stats makes it less dangerous. Admittedly, I don't feel smarter when my INT increases, but at least my magic is easier to use.

I'm level 15 right now, which gives me 150 in INT and WIS. I have plenty of mana to spare, so running dry isn't really an issue. Arrows seem to be enough to one-shot zombies for now, but I'm not sure about what might be in the third wave. I can't tell what would come after Fast Zombies.

I can maybe try to make a stronger spell before going in seeing that I ranked up. Let's see, needle, then spike, arrow… Dagger? Sword? Shortsword maybe. Hmm, I think I can make that, and even then, my Ice arrows should deal a lot more damage than before.

I close my eyes and focus, picturing the most basic shortsword I can imagine. I feel my MP pool draining slowly, but I can also tell it's working. I open my eyes to see the spell forming without breaking my focus.

A few seconds later and I have it fully made, floating just above my hand.

That was slightly more difficult than making the arrows, but I did it.

Skill created

[Cryomancy: Ice Shortsword]

A low-tier Apprentice level spell that is used in battles by most ice mages, no matter the skill. Not quite powerful, but quick to cast when used by skillful Cryomancers.

Deals 50 + INTx1.8 Ice Damage

Costs 100 MP

Nice. That's 320 damage in total right there.

I think I have a good chance at actually beating the third wave. This should deal with any unwelcome surprises… maybe. I know now that I don't do well against fast enemies, so let's hope I get something slow and dumb.

I hesitate, but fuel my resolve with the promise of – maybe – good rewards from the system, and mentally press 'proceed'

Defeat 17 Slow Zombies, 22 Fast Zombies, and 1 Hulking Zombie [0/40]

Rewards: 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, 2 Common Gacha Token, Frost Necklace, 1 Standard Stat Crystal, 75 Credits

Oh, hulking. I think that means slow and dumb. Heh, I'm predicting the new dungeons without even meaning to.

Almost immediately, a crowd of fast ones rushes me from all directions, but I was ready. The rank up made it easier for me to actually cast the spell so I can throw arrows out much faster, and with that, I was able to get rid of the charging zombies a lot more easily than I would have the last wave, I still had to move of course since there were a lot of them at the once. The slow ones were even easier to deal with, and it didn't take long for the big one to arrive.

Level up! X5

This mini-mini boss thing reminded me of the Tank from Left4Dead, just less muscly. It looks more like a bodybuilder actually, just really grotesque looking. I won't lie, it's properly disgusting to look at.

Fleshy, bulging muscles and pulsating veins stretch over an otherwise emaciated frame. I flinch as it lets out a guttural roar before charging at me. I roll out of the way, barely evading an attack that was a sure-kill and quickly cast Observe, prompting a cocky smirk to grow over my expression.

Name: Hulking Zombie

Title: None

HP - 1020

MP - 10

SP - 840

Race – Lesser Undead

LVL - 12

STR - 70

END - 31

DEX - 21

INT – 1

WIS – 0.1

CHA – 0.01

LUK – 6

This thing has nothing on my shortswords.

I cast the new spell using both hands, hurling a pair of swords that skewer it right through the back. 410 damage is imparted with a single sword, meaning those two shaved off 820 of its total HP. It tries to turn around to attack me again, but another shortsword pierces its head, ending the thing's misery.

Level up! X2

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to the next wave?

That… was easier than I anticipated.

Granted, I deal a fuckton of damage now and I grow extremely fast, but… I don't know, I expected something a little more difficult? Regardless, I'm happy with how it turned out. The easier the better. I'm not here to look for a challenge, I'm here to grow strong.

I take out the rewards, grinning at the Tokens and Crystal in particular. It feels strangely satisfying to use them, especially the tokens. Standard Crystals increase a stat by 10, but with my bonus, that's 20. This one increases STR from the looks of it too.

I crush it, smiling at my stats in pride.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level – 22

Title - None

Class - Cryomancer - LVL 22/100 [53%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 100 [20 per minute]

MP - 2200 [1320 per minute]

SP - 100 [20 per minute]

STR - 30

END - 10

DEX - 20

INT - 220

WIS - 220

CHA - 40

LUK – 20

That's a lot of mental stats, especially when you realize that this is technically my first day. I still have a few more days before even going to Kuoh and I think I should also find a way to hide my mana, maybe work on sensing the mana of others as well.

That'll be nothing but helpful in the long run. I don't want the devils snooping around my place or ham-fistedly trying to convince me to join their fucking peerages. Who knows what might happen if I refuse. I'll act nice about it of course, but devils are devils.

Annoying bastards.

I look at the uncommon Token, bracing myself before snapping it in half.

Two, tiny purple earrings materialize in my hand. I blink, and what I read on Observe makes me frown in disappointment a bit.

[Earrings of Darkness] – Item

Accessories enchanted by a lesser demon to trick a human mage into an inescapable contract. They may hold power, but nothing compared to what the demon promised.

Increases Dark Magic Damage by 10%

Decreases Dark Magic Cost by 5%

I'm not exactly a dark mage, so this is useless to me right now. I suppose the higher rarity made me expect a bit too much.

I shrug and put them on anyway.

They at least look nice.

The two other Common Tokens gave me a newspaper from three years ago and a… kit-kat. I'm not about to turn my nose up at candy, but I definitely could've gotten something better than old newspaper. Come on, at least give me one from the future or something, it wasn't even one with a historic headline or anything.

And the last reward for today is…

[Frost Necklace] – Item

An old, enchanted necklace given to the apprentice mages who served the Cold Emperor. A tinny spark of magic empowers the wearer's focus when using ice magic.

Decreases Ice Magic Cost by 5%

Now, this is useful. I don't know who this Cold Emperor is, but I'll gladly take this off his hands. I'll put it to better use than any of his mages.

I can continue and proceed to Wave 4… but I won't. As strong as I am now, I'm still a glass cannon, and I was almost hit by that Hulking Zombie, which would've been the end of me. I need to get better equipment, maybe by doing some quests or something, and increase my HP.

Besides, I'm hungry now anyway. I don't know if Gamer's Body gets rid of my need to eat, but I'm craving some soba right about now. I'll continue with this dungeon once I feel comfortable with my HP total.

With that, I return home, dispelling the ID Create as I arrive. The sun has already set, confirming that time does pass even while I'm inside a dungeon.

I gather my keys, phone, and wallet, then head outside, shooting my mother a message that I'm going out.

I wonder what I should do after I eat…


Having had my fill for now of Nameko Soba, I visited the pawnshop again to see if they have anything else I can use. Unfortunately, the best thing I found was rusty chainmail that looked like it's gonna shatter the moment I touched it. I don't know why the guy had it for sale and how he got it, but I definitely didn't need it.

After a few seconds of walking around the city, I thought that maybe I can make my own armor with my ice magic. Since I ranked up the skill, perhaps I can make a shield? A thin layer of armor? Hell, maybe full, heavy knight armor.

It should be possible, and if I can't manage it at my current level then I'll just grind in the first three levels over and over until I rank it up again. It'd probably be much harder to do that now, seeing how huge the differences between Novice -> Apprentice and Apprentice -> Adept would be, but hey with enough time I could do it.

[Ice Magic Control: Apprentice] – Mastery Skill

Ice Magic, while one of the most common elements throughout the multiverse, is without a doubt no less powerful for it. Control and manipulation over sharp and deadly weaponry made of ice, ability to freeze the target's skin, blood, and flesh, or create thick barriers of ice to protect you, this element has an excellent balance between offense and defense.

You're growing more familiar with Ice Magic, now able to create slightly more complicated spells and constructs while needing to focus less on their casting.

Deal 37,500 Ice Damage to reach the next Rank. Progress to Adept Rank [4240/37,500]

Originally, I think it was supposed to be 50,000 damage, but my Rising Star perk decreased the requirements. I can probably rank up the skill to Adept in a few days just by popping in and out of a dungeon, redoing the completed waves over and over, and I'll do just that.

...Eventually. After I get in a few rounds in the batting center. I haven't been in ages and I had a sudden itch to hit a home run or three. Must've been the experience of smashing my bat into the zombies that brought up the urge.

I give the receptionist three hundred yen, heading towards one of the Homerun Cages. Next to the metal door are four buttons; green for beginner, yellow for intermediate, red for expert, and silver for national. Just as I was about to hit the red one, a message from the system pops up.

Quest added

[Beginner Batter] – Quest

Objective: Clear the beginner level at the batting cage

Rewards: 1 Common Gacha Token, 5 points for STR

Danger Level: None

Oh…

Well, that means I've got to clear every level now, doesn't it? If I'm getting stats just by having fun, then why would put this chance to waste? After all, I can't efficiently raise my stats unless I finish new waves, and this is definitely safer than slaughtering the undead.

Maybe I can find other places that have challenge modes like this. What would Karaoke increase, Charisma?

If there are quests whose objectives amount to "go have my fun", then I'm sure as hell not about to complain. This Gamer power is getting better and better~

I press the green button, getting inside the cage before the countdown ends. I grip the handle of the bat tightly, getting into a stance to wait for the game to start. I have ten shots and need to get at least five home runs to clear the level. Fastballs and Curveballs aren't expected from this stage.

And it wasn't difficult at all to complete. I'd been doing this for more than three years from when my uncle took me here for the first time, and I've finished the advanced stage multiple times before. My increased DEX only made it even easier to anticipate and hit the balls hurtling my way without any issue.

Hell, I got a perfect score too. Ten home runs out of ten.

Quest complete

[Beginner Batter] – Quest

Objective: Clear the beginner level home run challenge at the batting cage

Hidden Objective: Get a perfect score

Rewards: 1 Common Gacha Token, 5 points to STR

Hidden Reward: 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, 5 Points to DEX

Danger Level: None

I'll clear the rest to farm as many rewards as I can. Hell, maybe I'll be able to complete the national level. I've never done it before, but maybe I can finally hit that damned 100+ MPH Fastball with my spiffy new reflexes.

I'd been challenging the national stage for almost an entire year, going there whenever I didn't have any exams or homework, but I was never able to hit that specific pitch. My best was two home runs, and I only really got them because I got used to the pattern.

I gave up on it due to my circumstances, mostly from getting bored with the whole thing, but now I might- no, I can hit it. This was the first time I got a perfect score on the beginner stage, and that's with me considering myself rusty. I'm definitely leagues better than I was before.

The next two challenges weren't that difficult either, but I sadly didn't get a perfect score on either. Mildly infuriating, but that irritation was overshadowed by the rewards I've earned.

Quests complete

[Intermediate Batter] – Quest

Objective: Clear the intermediate level home run challenge at the batting cage

Rewards: 2 Common Gacha Tokens, 5 points to DEX

Danger Level: None

[Expert Batter] – Quest

Objective: Clear the expert level home run challenge at the batting cage

Rewards: 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, 10 points to END, Sliver Plated Baseball Ball

Danger Level: None

Finally, an increase in Endurance. I want more HP so I don't get one-shot by, well, anything really. It makes you wonder how I survived the dozens of fights I got into up until now. I'd gotten hurt pretty badly a handful of times, a memorable one was a brick to the face. Memorable obviously not meaning pleasant in that case.

I want to see what this Silver Ball can do, but I can't just casually pull something out of my inventory out in nigh-public. I don't want to be seen. There's no telling who might be watching. I especially would rather not get involved with the Yakuza, and I know this spot is popular with their crowd.

I slap down another 300 for the next round, pressing down on the silver button before getting ready. Grip tight and eyes sharp, I manage to easily hit a regular curveball, landing the first home run.

The next two were misses, a Slider, and a Screwball, then two more hits. That's three home runs out of five, two more and I'll have this cleared. All these pitches are much faster than what typical people are usually capable of, but my reflexes are helping me big time.

The Fastball breaks down to the left, prompting me to swing the bat as hard as I can. I hit it a little too hard, sending it to the farthest corner of the room, meaning it's a foul. I frown and smack the next one, but my lost focus makes that a foul as well. I scowl, clicking my tongue in annoyance.

It's admittedly a little nerve-wracking. What happens if I fail? Could I challenge it again, or do I only have get one chance? Regardless, I don't plan on losing. I have more than double my DEX since the last time I tried it for god's sake.

I pull in a sharp breath, focusing again as I stand still. The ball comes flying towards me while tilting a bit downwards, and I swing fast to slap the ball away, giving me my fourth home run. Two more balls, I get just one and I'm golden.

The next pitch comes in a straight line, only this one is significantly faster than the others. With my enhanced reflexes, I was able to swing my bat just quickly enough, causing a grin to emerge on my face as I score the final home run I need.

I throw the bat down, not caring about the final ball. "Yes, I got it!"

Quests complete

[National Batter] – Quest

Objective: Clear the national level home run challenge at the batting cages

Rewards: 2 Uncommon Gacha Tokens, 5 points to DEX, STR, and END, Golden Baseball Bat, [National Batter] Perk

Danger Level: None

The sheer volume of rewards I got by simply playing baseball is staggering. Kiyoraha is packed with places like this, so does that mean every one of them will have its own quest? Could I seriously grind just by messing around and having fun?

I already loved this power but now I might be in love with this power.

Four quests cleared in a single day which reaped me multiple rewards and increases to my physical stats. I got something made of gold simply by batting a few balls. For the ball I got, it specifically said plated, so if it didn't say the same for the bat then that must mean it's legit gold, right?

Seeing as I can't exactly do much with the items right now, not without flaunting my inventory to everyone around, I instead look over the perk I gained. It might not be that useful in the long run, but I sure as hell feel amazing reading it.

[National Batter] – Perk

Your skill with the baseball bat is one in a million! Surpassing that of regular players and masters alike.

...You're using bats for baseball, right?

Baseball Bats deal x2 more damage, and are far less likely to break

This is really good for my current level. 300 Damage in a single swing with a normal bat, and I don't even know how strong the golden one is yet. I can one tap every zombie barring the hulking one with what amounts to a carved stick now.

And I can't wait to see what all those Tokens would give~

"That was some mighty good swingin' there, Ojou-chan." A deep voice commends in a thick, Kansai Dialect, making me pause.

As I was just out of the cage I could easily spot the man who'd addressed me. He was huge, probably pushing over 6 feet tall with broad shoulders to boot. Blond, swept-back hair and a large scar were his defining facial features. He was dressed in a black, button-down shirt with brown pants and a yellow jacket slung over his shoulder.

His looks just screamed stereotypical yakuza, but much older than I'd expect. This guy must have been in his forties maybe? He also looks… kinda familiar? Have I seen this guy before? Eh well, I'd passed by a few Yakuza here and there over my time in Kiyoraha, so maybe he was one of them.

"Thanks…" I nod slightly. Best to be polite with him. No need to piss off a Yakuza. "My uncle taught me how."

"Yer uncle, eh?" He smiles slightly. "He a good batter too?"

"Too good" I reply, "I've never seen him miss even once," I answered honestly.

"Heh…"

He stepped forward, looking in the cage I played in.

Oookay then… I don't know who this guy is, but he's acting kinda weird right now. I don't know what possessed him to spark up a conversation with me, but I really want it to stop now. Hope he just goes away and-

"Ya know something, Ojou-chan." I resist a grimace as he keeps talking. "The fastest pitch ever thrown was a 105."

"105?" I blink, but I quickly realize what he meant. "Ah, miles per hour you mean? Yeah, I've heard that before."

"Yeah, and that last one ya hit?" He gestures towards the machine with a nod. "That was a 160."

I stiffen.

...What?

"And you just-" he mimed a swing "-hit it first try." He turns back to me. "That takes some serious skill."

"A-ah, well, um…" I fidget slightly, shrugging. "Practice makes perfect…?"

"Hehe." He chuckles. "Fair 'nuff."

I shuffle awkwardly, not really sure what to say or do. I don't exactly interact with Yakuza all that much barring my dad considering his history, and I'd really rather not fight one. I can already tell this dude could kick my ass without trying, and the only way I might win would mean using magic.

Even then, beating or killing a Yakuza would just get the entire Omi Alliance on my ass unless it's a grunt. Which would mean I'd have to live on the run if I even lasted the first two days. The Yakuza can be fucking ruthless when it comes to keeping people from messing with them.

In brief, I don't want to piss him off, I can't afford to yet. I don't want to spend any more time next to him. How do I leave without being rude-

My phone suddenly starts ringing, prompting me to fish it out, smiling at my mother's name on the display. I've never been happier to see the moron call me out of the blue.

"Sorry, I have to take this." I apologize with a small bow.

"Don't mention it." He waves it off, grabbing a bat from the can. "Careful on yer way home, Ojou-chan."

I leave him with a thankful nod and quickly escape, giving the man one last look to use Observe on him. What I saw caused my heart to drop to my stomach, and my legs to hasten their pace as my face paled. Oh… fuck.

Name: Ryuji Goda

Title: Dragon of Kansai

HP – ???

MP –???

SP – ???

Race – Human

LVL - ???

STR - ???

END - ???

DEX - ???

INT – ???

WIS – ???

CHA – ???

LUK – ???

Reputation – 50

Affection – 00

Obedience – -100

Loyalty – -95

Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!

Holy shit!

Aside from the terrifying stats – all of them hidden by question marks – he's the Ryuji Goda. That isn't some fucking grunt or uppity lieutenant. That's the fucking Chairman of the Go-Ryu Clan. Why the hell is he here?! What, is batting his hobby too?!

Okay, calm down. The guy definitely never wanted to hurt you. Calm down, Akane. You're starting to shake- that flaw is affecting you right now. Take a deep breath, everything is fine.

He's not about to suddenly start chasing me down to kill me. I'm just being paranoid. The stats shocked me, that's all.

He probably just wanted a bit of start small-talk. Why would he want to hurt me anyway? If he wanted to, he could've just sent a few of his men to do it for him. Why would the Chairman of the Go-Ryu come down from his cushy seat to beat me up? Hell, for some reason he has positive rep with me.

I chuckle slightly. I'm being ridiculous right now. What could a guy like that ever be after with a random girl like me?

Honestly, what scared me the most is his stats. In games, a question mark usually means it's gigantic, way above the player's current level. Just how strong is that guy? I'm already stronger and faster than the average man, so he must be thousands of times stronger than me, right?

That… might mean that the Yakuza are involved with the Supernatural.

This means that this isn't the DxD I know... Well, fuck.

I shake my head and answer the phone, calming my nerves. "Yeah?"

"Where are you right now?"

"Walking home," I answer evenly. "Why?"

"Good, I'm almost back myself." My mother sighs. "I can't believe what happened…"

"What, you lost?"

"Pff, me? Lose?" She clicks her tongue. "No, it's just that the guy I beat is a sore loser!"

"What happened now? He scammed you?"

"Yes!" She yells, making me wince. "As soon as I beat him and his stupid friends, he sent some thugs at me and ran away with my money!"

"Woah, what?" I raise a brow. That's new. "And then?"

"I kicked their fuckin' asses of course, but now I'm pissed." I can feel her pout from here. "I wanna spend time with you instead. How about Mario Kart?"

I giggle slightly, the tension from before evaporating. Leave it to mom to utterly annihilate any discomfort or tension in a few short sentences. She really has her talents.

"You never learn, do you?" I state in confidence. "Fine, give me ten minutes and I'll be home."

"This time I won't los-"

I cut off the line, pocketing the device after giving the batting center one last glance.

That is the last time I'm ever going there.


My gaze is held by two items laid before me, alone in my room with the lights turned off, only the full moon's shine giving any light. One was a silver-colored ball while the other was a beautiful golden baseball bat.

I already used the tokens, but I didn't get anything noteworthy. The common tokens gave me really useless stuff, like chalk, a red pen, and a face mask. Uncommons gave me a laptop, an emerald, and another potion, this time for SP.

I don't think I'll be using my SP heavily any time soon, and none of the other items were great either. Sure, I can probably use the laptop – an Alienware from 2020 when it's only 2018 right now – and the emerald I can sell or gift to someone for rep points, but in the long run, I don't think they'd be that useful.

[Silver Plated Baseball Ball] – Item

A regular ball plated in real silver, which makes it slightly heavier and more dangerous when thrown at someone. Should fetch a great price if sold, can otherwise be used as a gift or kept as a trophy.

[Golden Baseball Bat] – Item

A baseball bat made out of real gold, given only to the most skilled batters. Something about this bat makes it only hit people with a lot of money. It is significantly better than a normal bat but is more fragile.

Deals 250 + STRx4.5 Physical Damage.

Bonus: Anyone hit by this will cause their wallets to explode and whatever hidden cash they may have to fly away from them.

I may be a bit excited to try out the bat. This whole wallet exploding gimmick sounds hilarious. I'm not exactly in need of money, my allowance is pretty substantial for a girl my age, and I don't really care about it. I can make easily money if I wanted to, but power is more important as of now.

I do want to see the look on whatever poor sod's face I use this on, though.

That's going to have to wait though. I still need to see what my mother's hiding.

It's around 1 am now, my mom is in her room doing mom things. The lights in her room are on, meaning she's most likely awake. I don't know what she does at this time, and I'm not really interested, but I have to figure out how to get her out without locking the door.

The first thing I should do is actually get inside, and I have the perfect excuse. She's a pushover, no matter how 'stern' she acts. A few sentences and she relents easily without any fighting back.

I stuff the items away in my inventory and head straight to my mother's room.

"Kaa-san, are you up?" I call out in a soft voice.

"E-eh? Yes, I am. What is it?"

"Can I come in?"

"Sure." She allows. "Door's open."

I slide it open, pausing as I look around. Unlike the rest of the house, mom's room is very European. Wooden floors rather than tatami, tall wardrobes, a set of shelves and bookcases behind a solid wooden desk and a chair which my mother is currently at, and a double bed at the other side of the room next to a mini-fridge.

I glance at the katana hanged over the wall, the only eastern thing in the entire room a stark anachronism, before looking back at my mother, counting a number of empty beer cans nearby. Mizuki blinks, holding a cigarette with her mouth while her hands rested on the keyboard of her computer as she looks at me.

"Is everything alright?" She asks.

"Uh, yeah…" I nod, forcing my gaze away. "It's just… uh, well…"

"Honey, are you okay?" She questions again, more concerned now than she had been a moment ago.

...I'm never going to live this down, am I?

"Can I… sleep with you tonight?"

"...wut?"

"T-the news about the girls disappearing recently is getting me anxious, okay?" I explain, feeling embarrassed, a blush creeping up my face. "I don't want to sleep alone."

I don't even need to look to know that she has a gigantic grin on her face. I could recount so many times when it was her that asked me to sleep together before I kicked her out of my room. She never gave up until I firmly told her to stop sneaking into my bed when I'm asleep.

I can't fathom why she's so persistent about it. I get it, I'm her daughter and supposedly her only family since my dad died, and she loves me a lot, but there had to be a limit to this. It creeped me out sometimes if I'm being honest.

So hearing this must be like getting told both Christmas and her Birthday had come early.

"Awww is lil' baby Akane scawed-"

"Don't push it or I'll shove that sword up your ass you'll be tasting steel for weeks." I scowl deeply, making her flinch. The irritated anger burning my former blush off my face.

Unfortunately for her, I'm not in the mood for teasing. I've put up with enough of that shit for today.

"Ahahahah, i-it was a joke! A joke!" She waves it off with a nervous laugh. "Of course you can sleep here! I… still have a couple of things I need to do first though. You can lie on the bed until I'm finished."

I nod and move to the bed, but then she speaks up again.

"Ah, actually, sweetie?" She starts. "Could you hand me a few cans of beer from the fridge?"

"Sure."

I crack open the fridge, grabbing the six-pack before pausing, a smirk blossoming on my face a second later. This is my chance.

I send it to my inventory, forcing myself to hide my smirk. This might not work- she could just go "oh well." and continue doing whatever she's doing, but knowing her… well, I doubt it. If she leaves for the convenience store, then I'd have about 15 minutes at most.

It would need to be enough.

"There aren't any," I say, making her pause.

"They- What? Are you sure?" She questions, getting up off her chair.

"Yup. You drank it all. Again." I make a point of sounding exasperated and take a step back for her to see.

"H-how? I literally bought two packs today!" She says in surprise. "And I did not drink all of it. How would you know?"

"I've lived with you for my entire life." I deadpan. "You've done this more than once."

"And how can I be sure you didn't drink it?" She frowns at me.

"Are you serious- Kaa-san, I'm underage." I raise a brow. "It's illegal for me to drink."

"Oh, now you care about what's illegal or not? Now, after how much property damage you caused because of your petty fights?" She uncharacteristically sneers, causing me to flinch a little at the rebuke. "Hell, how can I be sure you don't drink without me knowing? Wouldn't be the first time you did something illegal behind my back."

"Okay, what the hell is up with you?" I scowl, my anger flaring at the accusation. "Has all this beer turned your brain to mush, you old hag?"

"I-!" She was about to retort, but then caught herself, her expression becoming one of melancholy guilt. "I-I don't know. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to give it out to you. I... I don't know what got into me there"

Seeing her suddenly become as docile as a puppy made me soften my looks. I don't think staying angry here is a good idea. I'd rather not risk losing REP or AFF, not to mention that it might ruin my plan to get her out of the room for a bit.

"It's fine, Kaa-san. I was being rude for no reason." I respond with a softer tone, shaking my head and comforting her with a hug. "I shouldn't have said that."

5 Affection with Mizuki Amamiya [85/100]

"I-" Her breath hitches as her body begins to shake minutely. She quickly lets me go, striding out of the room. "I'm going out for some fresh air."

Perfect~

"Alright." I nod with a small smile. "Take care, Kaa-san."

The door slides close behind her, leaving me alone in her room. After a minute and I hear the gate of our home close I smirk widely. Alright, I don't think it's the walk to the convenience store I was angling for, but I should have enough time to look around.

The first thing I do was check the bookcases and her desk, inspecting the books to see if she'd given in to cliché and used a generic hidden button or something of the sort. I make sure to return them back exactly as they were. As dumb as she acts, I know how sharp mom can be under it all.

Turning up nothing in the bookcase, I turn to the desk, looking under it for anything strange before pulling open the drawers. I'm greeted with school papers, a pack of cigarettes, and old photos of dad, uncle, and two others I don't recognize. One was a strange guy with a stranger fashion sense, amounting to a snakeskin jacket and an eyepatch. The other was a large man, maybe even bigger than the yakuza I saw back at the batting center. He kinda looked like a homeless man with a buzz cut, a green jacket over a black shirt, and camouflage pants. All four were smiling at the camera- well, dad was trying. He still has that same scary smile that promised eternal torment.

Have I met these people before? They seem familiar.

I shake my head and continue my search, coming across a letter in the next drawer. I raise an eyebrow, wondering who the hell even bothers with them anymore. I quickly take it out and read the contents anyway.

M.A-san.

I've read your letter, and I can assure you that your daughter will not be getting in contact with Heiresses of Kuoh, and I've also taken measures to have one of my patriarchs and his family guard her from the background. The Clan is striving to make a peace pact with every other faction to keep wars from occurring between us, please understand that this includes them. I know how upsetting this is for you, but know that you and your daughter will always have my support and protection.

If you still have your doubts and would like to discuss, please come and meet me at the Clan's Headquarters. We haven't caught up in years.

Yours truly.

D.D

Well, then…

This is good information, but also concerning. I'd had my suspicions from earlier, but this proves that my mother knows about the Supernatural. I assume that M.A means Mizuki Amamiya, but I don't really know who D.D is. It says clan, so… Go-Ryu clan? Maybe?

Thinking back on it, that blond yakuza had a positive rep with me when I'd never met him before. Does that mean my mother has connections with the Omi Alliance? Maybe she knows Ryuji Goda somehow? But who exactly is D.D?

The only Yakuza I can think of with those initials is… Daigo Dojima?

I chuckle and shake my head. No way. I can understand her knowing people in the Omi, but the Chairman of the Tojo Clan? The Kanto Yakuza? There's no way… right?

Regardless, I'm apparently going to have someone keeping an eye on me in Kuoh, which is honestly reassuring. I don't know who this patriarch is, but hey, a guard. I'd never say no to someone protecting me from the hellhole that is Kuoh.

Hehe, hellhole.

I put the letter back, snatching the pack of cigarettes in the process. Mom smokes a bit too much, she doesn't need it, and I'm definitely not gonna use it. No sir, I'm a pure child and would never smoke. Smoking is bad.

...It was my uncle's fault. He got me into it.

My hand brushes against something metallic as I do. I crouch to peek at what it was and my eyes go wide as I spot a tiny button at the very end of the drawer. It was the same color as the wood, completely camouflaged. Hell, even with the increased DEX, I could barely tell it was even there even after feeling it.

Thinking I found what I wanted, I press it… er, well, I try to press it.

I frown, using more force, but it doesn't budge. What the hell is this?

With an annoyed glare, I use every bit of my strength... and it works. I smile as I hear something in the room click, but that's it. Nothing else happens, my only reward was that clicking noise. I frown and stand up, going to where I heard the sound coming from: The bookcase.

But there's nothing different about it. It did inform me that what I was after was definitely here, or maybe behind the bookcase, so once again, I search around, this time opening the books as an extra measure.

Eventually, I opened a green book about ancient Japanese history. Inside it wasn't pages like you'd expect. Instead, it was a remote, something like you'd use for an electric garage door, and seeing it made me smile. Finally…

This one was at least simpler than the desk button, but it yielded a much more substantial reaction. I flinched as the bookcase suddenly began to shake, opening up to a dimly lit room I never knew existed. My jaw nearly hit the floor as I saw what was inside.

Dozens upon dozens of guns filled the space, all neatly lined up with ammo boxes of all types strewn everywhere. A couple of sharp blades of different make were here and there. There was practically every implement of death you could ever use from daggers to rocket launchers. There were so many weapons, and all of them looked…

I've never even seen some of these before! Some definitely do not look like normal guns- at least, not from this era. A few just screamed magic- not to mention some of the freaking swords are literally glowing!

But what really caught my attention was an almost normal-looking suit in the middle of the room. It looked so out of place yet it felt like it belonged here somehow. The first thing I did was use Observe on it, and, once again, I was shocked.

[The Ultimate Killer] – Legendary Item

The strongest suit made by mankind, created with the best mythical materials and enchanted by the greatest magicians. It belongs to Mizuki Amamiya, a legendary Ex-Assassin who worked for a secret organization that planned to overtake both the Omi Alliance and the Tojo Clan.

When worn, the wearer gains 25% to all stats, and their SP will double. Nullifies 15% of all damage dealt to the wearer and has a 10% chance of reflecting 2.5% of it.

When worn, guns, swords and daggers will deal 50% more damage. 75% easier to successfully hide and sneak away or past targets. The wearer deals 300% more damage on an unaware target.

This suit will auto-repair itself when damaged.

Bonus: If the wearer is an ???, the suit's power will double.

Well, damn…

Mom was an assassin. That dumbass was an actual killer for hire turned housewife turned widow. What the actual hell?

I had no idea. She acts so damn goofy for me to even consider her doing that kind of work much less apparently being so good at it that, by the account of this information gleaned from the suit, she'd become a legend for it. And she used to work against the Yakuza but now – possibly – has connections with them? I have no fucking idea what's going on anymore.

And what the hell kind of suit is this? Mom used to wear this overpowered as hell gear? Seriously, a 25% increase is no joke, and double SP is downright absurd. Also, what the hell do these question marks mean?

The sound made by the gate opening shakes me from my trance, and I quickly shut the secret room thing before putting everything back in its place, but not before grabbing the closest weapon and stuffing it inside the inventory. I even pressed the tiny button just in case she finds anything suspicious, then I quickly go back to sit on the bed.

The door opens and in walks my mother, holding a plastic bag. "Hah, sorry for taking so long. I lost track of time."

"Hm, it's fine." I shrug. "Is everything better with you?"

"Yep!" She answered cheerfully. "I even got something for you."

She dug into the bag and pulled out my favorite drink before tossing it at me. I catch it and stare down at it for a second before smiling.

"Thanks," I say, stabbing it with the straw.

"You're welcome." She nods. "But aren't you a little too old for chocolate milk?"

"There's no such thing as too old for chocolate milk." I roll my eyes as I take a sip, standing up from the bed. I turn my nose up at her and stand "Whatever, I'm going to my room."

"Eh? But I thought you wanted to sleep here?!"

"I'm good now," I reply casually, eliciting a whine from her. "Goodnight."

"No, no!" She whines, getting on her knees to hug my waist. "Sleep with me!"

"Let go of me." I scowl. "Don't you have work to do?"

"No! The monsters might get me!" She cries. "Pwease stay!"

"What do you mean, monsters?!" I push her away. "You're a grown woman! Act like one for god's sake!"

"Nooooooooooo!"

She tries to chase me, but I quickly close the door on her face, sighing in frustration. That was close.

This woman was an assassin… Is the universe fucking with me?

I can't imagine this interaction would've gone as smoothly if she suspected anything was awry. She looked a bit tipsy, even after coming back from her walk. I didn't expect her to grab more beer after the way she was before she left, but she might've passed some convenience store on the way and bought the cans anyway.

At the very least, I now understand a bit better who my mother is and what she used to do. I guess I can see where she got all that money from. Killing obviously isn't done cheaply.

Quest completed

[Bloodstained Past] – Quest

Objective: Discover what Mizuki is hiding

Hidden Objective: Steal one weapon from the secret room

Rewards: 2 Common Gacha Tokens, 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, Minor EXP, 100 Credits

Hidden Rewards: 1 Rare Gacha Token, Minor EXP, 150 Credits

Danger Level: Low

I smile slightly at the rewards.

One Mystery down.

One Stray to go.
Last edited: Mar 1, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:dedude, TheAmnisiac, Mufarasu and 413 others
Mirlnir
Jun 7, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 3: Holy Revolver
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 29, 2021
Add bookmark
#72
Looking over the handgun I'd grabbed, I couldn't help but grin. I'm no gun nerd, but I've never seen anything quite as cool as this one. It looks like it came straight out of a video game, and reading its stats…

I snatched one hell of a weapon.

It was a mechanically simple-looking revolver with a white and gold grip, a golden trigger guard and gold trigger, and the rest being black with golden filigree all over it. It looks more like a decorative piece than an actual gun, but that just makes it even sweeter looking to my eyes.

[Angel's Sorrow] – Item

Drenched in the blood of an Archangel, this revolver has been blessed with holy attributes that rival the Excalibur Ruler. Angel's Sorrow is a powerful weapon on its own, but is especially powerful against any unholy entity, and can tear through them like paper. Its mere presence is enough to terrify even High-Class Devils.

Deals 3000 + 5.5xDEX Physical Damage + 6000 Light Damage

Deals Quintuple Damage against Unholy/Dark Entities

Bonus: If used with Silver Bullets, Angel's Sorrow will deal Triple Light Damage

"So cool…" I mutter, opening the cylinder. "She kept it fully loaded too."

Hadn't considered that mom might have been interested in more… sophisticated designs, but her bedroom ought to have been an indicator. I've got to hand it to her though, aside from this gun being powerful, it looks Beautiful with a capital B to boot. I know it's risky, but I'm tempted to sneak in again and snatch something else, maybe one of the swords.

For now, I'll have to settle for my Golden Bat and maybe the Katana. Taking it now is bound to alert my mother, so the best time to actually snatch it would be when as we leave for Kuoh, which is in two days.

But do I actually need the sword? The Golden Bat combined with my current STR and new perk deals 610 damage per swing. That's almost 200 points stronger than my Ice Shortswords. It's a very decent melee weapon, to be honest.

I also want to test out its special ability. I've never beat someone so bad that their wallets exploded before.

I usually politely take the money after knocking them out.

Sure, I don't need the money, but if they started a fight then my time oughta be compensate for you know? I need to make an example out of them and have them regret it, too. Breaking their arms or legs isn't enough, I need to hit them in their dignity too. Getting shaken down by a 'cute little girlie' is one hell of a way to shatter someone's pride.

The door to my bedroom suddenly slides open, prompting me to hide the gun behind my back. With a thought, I send it to my inventory then glance up at my mother, who seems unsurprisingly energetic even for this time of day. I have no idea how she manages it when you consider how much she drinks.

"Rise and shine, my beauti-" She pauses as she spots me wide awake, but still in my pajamas. "Ah, you're awake, Had a good night's sleep?"

"I did." I nod. "You?"

"Like a baby." She smiles. "So! Any plans for today?"

"No. Why?" I raise a brow. "You have something in mind?"

"As a matter of fact, I do," Mizuki confirms. "How 'bout we go out? You and I?"

"Go out and do what?"

"Anything!" She says cheerfully, clapping her hands together. "We can go karaoke, the arcade, maybe even head to the batting cage. What do you think?"

"I mean… sure?" I shrug. Sounds good, I was planning to mess around today anyway. "What brought this on?"

"Well, seeing as we're leaving soon, so I thought we should have a bit of fun here one last time." She replies, scratching her cheek.

"Heh…" I smirk. "I didn't think you'd be so sentimental, or do you just want to monopolize your daughter and this is your roundabout way of saying it?"

"Hey, there's nothing wrong with a bit of mother-daughter bonding time." Mizuki pouts, crossing her arms. "You don't have to be rude about it."

"...Yeah, you're right. There's nothing wrong with that," I say. "When are we going out?"

"We can go in a few hours. It's still a bit early." My mother responds, a smile forming on her face. "You hungry by the way? Breakfast's ready."

I blink, then smile back. "Now that you mention it..."

"I made pancakes!"

"Of course you did."

At the very least, I have a semi-bodyguard and someone to challenge. Always better to be safe with a stray running around. I'm surprised it didn't go after me last night, but I did make sure to stick to crowded areas. I don't think strays are dumb enough to attack a train or a bus.

...I think.

And my mother's stats are pretty high. I have a feeling she's strong enough to handle a stray if one does attack. Speaking of, they're pretty low for a supposed legendary assassin. If she does know about the supernatural, then someone of her supposed caliber should be… I dunno, Ultimate-class?

Then again, she might be hiding her true power somehow. I can't be too sure, seeing how different this world is compared to the DxD I know, not to mention that actual skill isn't recorded in Observe. The only thing I can be sure of is that she loves me, so I very much doubt she's suddenly about to turn against me, even if I showed her the gun right now.

It's not like I'm about to test that theory any time soon.

I'll try to keep an eye out for the stray, maybe see if I can draw it to us somehow. Why would I do that? Because two on one is better than facing it alone. Sure, that'll force her to 'spill the beans' so to speak, but I can just play dumb about the supernatural. Deception is the best bet in war, yadda-yadda.

Something-something teachings of Sun Tzu. I'm sure he said that once or twice in that book of his.

I really hope it attacks, even if I'm alone. I want to test the gun out on something, and I sure as hell not about to waste a bullet from that gun on some stupid punk that tries to act tough.

In the meantime, I'll spend a few hours in the dungeon and maybe reach the fifth wave. I have more than enough time to grind a bit before we go out. Who knows, maybe I'll be pushed to use the gun on something strong there.

"By the way, I had to use Maple Syrup." My mother states, making me pause before looking at her in annoyance.

"What? Why?"

"We're out of chocolate sauce."

Oh god damn it.



As the hulking zombie falls to the ground, I glance at my hands, a tiny ice crystal floating above my right palm. With my current stats, I should be able to take on the next round, maybe, but I shouldn't be cocky. I have all the time I need before I have to decide whether or not I start the next wave, so maybe I should use it to come up with some new, defensive spells.

Or just find ways to cast quicker. One shotting these zombies is fine and all, but I won't be able to do much if I get overwhelmed. I need a way to shave down their numbers fast enough to keep me from getting cornered.

Some sort of Area-Of-Effect would do well, but there's a chance I could hit myself with it. That doesn't mean I won't make any, but I think prioritizing faster casts is the way to go right now. Or maybe I could find a way to cast spells without the need for my hands? I've seen it in anime- spells that suddenly form around the character before being unleashed on some poor schmuck.

I mean, they're different power systems, but it's worth a try at least.

Buuut I'll stick to making new spells though until I familiarize myself with magic some more. Maybe once I reach Adept rank, I can do cool stuff like that. Right now, defensive and AOE spells are the top priorities. Sensing and hiding mana are second priority.

Alright, when it comes to defense the first thing that comes to mind is a shield. It shouldn't be too hard to visualize and create that. From there, I can perhaps make other spells, light armor or something. Baby steps.

The process was much faster when compared to the previous times I've done this, but that's because I'm getting used to making spells, I assume anyway. A small shield, more like a buckler really, formed on my wrist. I frown in thought slightly, ignoring the skill pop-up as I force the spell to change.

The buckler began to shift, getting thinner as though it was melting, a thin layer of ice covering the rest of my arm up to my elbow. It's cold but not as cold as I had expected. It's not the stinging pain of cold someone would feel when burying their hands in the snow, it's a more comfortable sort of coolness.

"Nice…" I smile.

Skills created

[Cryomancy: Ice Buckler] – Skill

A buckler made of hard ice, capable of decent protection. Can be used to bash someone with it. Will easily be destroyed by Fire-based attacks

Protects 150 worth of damage before shattering. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double damage from Fire

Costs 75 MP

[Cryomancy: Ice Skin] – Skill

Covers yourself with a thin layer of ice, giving you slight protection without detracting from your mobility. A weaker version of Ice Flesh, and the best defensive spell for apprentice ice mages

Protects 50 HP worth of damage before shattering. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double from Fire

Costs 30 MP for each body part

Huh, defense works a bit differently here compared to real armor. Instead of damage reduction, it straight up tells me how much it can protect me from and withstand before breaking. I… can work that. In fact, I think this is much better considering how low level I am right now.

Useless later, but a lifesaver right now.

Also, it's thin enough that it can go under my armor, which is just the icing on the cake. Extra protection is always good.

Alright, one more defensive spell before moving on to the AOE and explode-y stuff. Got armor and shield down, so what can I make…

Hmm, something big enough to keep a crowd of enemies at bay, maybe a cover that can block projectiles, and something won't slow me down. A wall? I'm not sure if I'll be able to manage something of that size. It's not complex obviously, but it might take a bit more MP than I'm used to.

Eh, trying won't hurt.

I pause in thought slightly, bringing the image and structure of a wall to the front of my mind, then shrug and crouch. I extend both of my hands, aiming at the ground before focusing on my mana flow. I take a deep breath, forcing the magic out without casting any of the spells I currently have.

A small gust of wind shoots out of my hands, tiny sparkles of ice and snowflakes forming around it. I clench my fists together and raise my hands up, a tower of ice emerging from the ground with that action. I blink, frowning slightly.

I wanted a wall, not a tower. Then again, baby steps.

I try to do it again, this time spreading my arms as I rise up, this time I form a wall successfully. I smile in satisfaction as I glance at the new skills I made.

Skills created

[Cryomancy: Small Ice Tower] – Skill

A 5-meter tall construct of ice used for building bases or surprise attacks. Few would expect a tower emerging directly from under them.

Protects for 500 points worth of damage before shattering. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double damage from Fire

Deals 300 + INTx2.2 Ice Damage

Costs 250 MP

[Cryomancy: Small Ice Wall] – Skill

A 5-meter tall and wide construct of ice used for building bases. Can withstand quite a bit of damage

Protects for 1000 points worth of damage before shattering. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double damage from Fire

Costs 400 MP

I giggle in elation. Making new spells is so much fun~!

Okay, that should be good enough for defensive spells for now. Now for an AOE, the first thing that comes to mind would be explosives, and what kind of explosives should I create? A grenade for sure, maybe mines too, but how can I make them? Or turn them into explosives to be more accurate?

Hm, for a grenade, maybe something like shrapnel? Throw a grenade, and it explodes into ice spikes in all directions. I think I can make that somehow, I just need to find a way to make it explode in the first place.

I begin forming the spell, making a spiky and hollow ball with nothing inside it. Now to manipulate mana and fill it with… gunpowder? Nitrogen? I can't make either, but I might be able to replicate their explosive properties with mana. Let's see…

I do my best to focus, my imagination helping me to liquefy and vaporize the frost magic I form, and after a whole minute of pure concentration, I'm thankfully able to create the grenade, a giant grin blooming across my face at the success.

Skill created

[Cryomancy: Spiky Bomb] – Skill

An explosive spell that sends sharp ice spikes in all directions, Spiky Bomb is mostly used by experienced mages. It might be a little dangerous for beginners to use.

The explosion deals 350 + INTx2.2 Ice Damage, and the spikes deal 25 + INTx1.3 Ice Damage

Costs 300 MP

The little warning implies that I can hurt myself with it, and I appreciate knowing that. It would be pretty embarrassing to die because of my own spell. I guess I'll use it from a distance while I hide behind a wall.

Right, made that, now I should make an explosive trap, like a mine. Hell, all kinds of traps. Spikes, Caltrops, Bear Traps, etc. Might as well turn this dungeon into a tower defense mini-game.

I freeze, my eyes widening in realization.

That's genius.

Why didn't I think of that? I can make a small base then surround it with traps, hide in it, and shoot the zombies from a safe spot. It's the safest option, and the zombies are too stupid and too easy to kill. I can complete this dungeon faster than normal.

I just need to make a base and fill the surroundings with traps.

This is gonna be fun~



This is the smartest thing I've done since getting the Gamer power, which in hindsight, hasn't been that long of a while, but I'm still proud of it. How could I not? Especially after seeing the stupid pieces of shit falling over themselves, getting stabbed, blown up, and pinned to the ground by my arrows?

I've left the dungeon to reset the waves since I wanted to see how effective the Tower Defence plan was before moving on to the fourth wave, and it's incredible. My high level makes even the weakest traps deal a lot of damage, and the zombies have low health. They fall like flies, they don't even make it past the first wall.

Spikes, mines, slippery ground, and then me on top of the mini castle I made shooting anything that gets too close for comfort. Life is good from up here~

The base is just a fairly simple 10-meter tall tower surrounded by two layers of walls. Between the heart and the first layer are dozens of mines and spikes, the same as the outside. I don't have anything that can shoot the zombies automatically at the moment, but it's not like there's much urgency there, they haven't even gotten past the first wall.

Skills created

[Cryomancy: Ice Mine] – Skill

Planted on the ground, this spell will wait for any enemy to get in close proximity before exploding, freezing the target and damaging them heavily.

Deals 500 + INTx2.5 Ice Damage and has a 5% chance of inflicting [Slow] for 30 seconds

Costs 500 MP

[Cryomancy: Ice Spikes] – Skill

Tiny spikes in the ground that stab any who steps on them, dealing slight damage, but can only withstand so much before shattering.

Deals 50 + INTx0.8 Ice Damage. Can only be stepped on five times before being destroyed

Costs 55 MP

[Cryomancy: Ice Floor] – Skill

Turn the ground slippery, making foes and friends alike lose their balance. Learning how to ice skate before casually using this is advised.

Costs 20 MP

I love tower defense games. The lack of offensive constructs I have available for the moment is a bit sad, but I'll get there eventually. Who knows, I might be able to make moving constructs eventually. My very own soldiers that I command from a distance.

I tried making some, as I did with turrets, but failed miserably. All that means though is that I'm still not there yet. I'll make entire armies with my Ice eventually, I'm sure I will.

Well, as the traps deal with the zombies, I figure it's about time I learn how to sense stuff. It's an essential skill, the same for hiding your magic. I don't want the devils to come knocking on my door, after all, I'm just a normal human girl. Nothing special at all. For now.

I relax my muscles, closing my eyes as I focus on my other senses. The entire mini-castle is made of magic, so I can direct my attention there as far as I'm concerned. If it doesn't work, then direct it to my magical accessories. It would be best to be able to hide those for when I go Kuoh now that I think about it.

I shake my head lightly, getting rid of any distracting thoughts. I tone out the growls and groans of the zombies, and sure enough, I feel some sort of… tugging sensation. It's weird; I don't need my eyes to know that there's something nearby. It's like discovering a sixth sense you've never had till now.

The feeling is honestly indescribable but fairly pleasant in a certain way. At least, sensing my own spells is pleasant.

With that, I try to direct this sensing ability elsewhere; specifically, my own mana. It was easy to pinpoint since I've always felt my mana every time I cast a spell and hiding it felt like throwing a giant, thin blanket over a flowing river. I think. Still strange to feel.

So this is hiding it, then… but what if I do the opposite? I dunno, something like Dragon Ball Z Ki charge. Release my power instead of muting it.

I do just that, my eyes widening as a wave of energy surges suddenly. A faint icy blue and crimson aura covers me, prompting me to look at the new skills I created.

Skills created

[Mana Control: Sense Magic] – Skill

A sixth sense reflexively developed by anyone with a magic core after a few days of practice with it. You can sense the mana of others, as well as that of magical objects. Distance and sharpness relies on overall rank in Mana Control

No MP cost

[Mana Control: Hide Mana] – Skill

A necessary skill for any mage, hiding their mana and overall power for stealth missions or to fool their enemies. How much can be hidden and how good you are at it relies on overall rank in Mana Control

No MP cost

[Mana Control: Release Aura] – Skill

Release your magical aura to increase your magical power and intimidate your foes. Increase, Cost, and Intimidation Factor relies on overall rank in Mana Control

Increase Magical Damage by 5% when active

Costs 1000 MP per second

I quickly deactivate the spell, frowning slightly. A thousand per second for a 5% increase? I dunno, that sounds kinda unfair. Then again, I'm still a novice in Mana Control, so the more I rank up in that, the stronger it becomes.

I'm not going to lie though, I like how cool my Aura looks. Blue and red go well together. I wonder what it means, though. I doubt it's just a random combination of colors.

The hulking zombie falling to the ground draws my attention, and a quick look informed me that it had stepped on one too many mines. The dumbass just walked into them without thinking. Of course it wouldn't think, Akane, It's a rotten corpse.

Regardless, this means I can start the fourth wave. I should be able to handle it with my current base, but to be safer, I'll hop down and replant the mines and spikes, just in case. It doesn't take long to re-cast the needed spells around the little castle, only around five minutes, then I head back up and look at the window in anticipation. I really hope this doesn't give me a flying enemy to deal with…

Wave start

Defeat 30 Fast Zombies, 20 Dead Hounds, and 2 Hulking Zombies [0/52]

Rewards: 2 Uncommon Gacha Token, 3 Minor Mana Potions, 2 Minor Stat Crystals, 1 Standard Stat Crystal, 75 Credits

Oh…

Well, then. That's going to be easy. I'm relieved there are no flying enemies. That would've sucked.

The hounds were terrifyingly fast, but they had half as much HP as regular zombies. Simply stepping on the spikes once instantly ended them. Well, the spikes kill the other zombies in one hit too, they deal over 500 damage.

This wave was incredibly easy too. The traps and my stats deal a lot of damage, and since I've spread them everywhere, the zombies don't even get close to the first wall. The hulking zombies get one-shot by mines, and even if they do get close, I can just skewer them with shortswords.

I love Tower Defence.

Level up x4

Perks gained

Store unlocked!

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to the next wave?

Ah right, level 25 means that and I'm already level 26. This is what, my third day here? And I'm being as cautious as I can too. I love my perks.

So what can the store do?

The Store is a tool that helps you grow stronger. You can buy anything in existence through it; perks, skills, stats, items, titles, levels, classes, and even living beings, but it requires Credits. You gather credits by clearing dungeon waves or quests.
​
Pretty straightforward, but I barely have anything at the moment. The best I can buy now is a Glock, and I already have that overpowered gun I took from my mother's secret armory. I'll give it a look once I have more Credits to use.

What about these perks I've gained? I don't think I've done anything worthy of perks yet, right?

[Rich Mana] – Perk – 250 INT

Your mana feels heavier, but not in a bad way. You feel as if your spells pack more of a punch than before, making them deal more damage

Permanently increases all magical damage by 10%

[Refined Mind] – Perk – 250 WIS

Focusing doesn't seem to be as difficult now, in fact, it feels as if it's second nature. Your magic feels a bit easier to handle

Permanently decreases all MP cost by 10%

Ah, so there's some sort of a milestone bonus for stats? That's useful. It encourages me to go for a balanced build. ​

I pull out the rewards and raise a brow as I look at the stat crystals. What are the odds, all of them are Charisma crystals. That means 40 points there, and I won't say no to that. Would've preferred if it was END, but it's bound to be useful in the long run. Not like I need more HP with this set-up I made.

As for the Tokens…

The first one confused me a bit. It was a red balloon, but with my newly developed magic sensing, I can feel something from it. The other item was a black chain necklace with a red heart pendant, and its magic was slightly more difficult to sense.

Have I seen these things before…?

[Magical Balloon] – Item

When held, this balloon boosts your jump distance and speed. Don't worry about it popping, it's strangely durable. People enchant the weirdest things, don't they?

Increase jump distance and speed by 100%

[Panic Necklace] – Item

When you suffer damage, your legs will move faster than they should, giving you a window to back off. Despite the name, it does not make you panic.

When hit, increases movement speed by 50% for 3 seconds

Hmm, probably imagining it.

Well, I don't know about the necklace. I already have the frost one that's more useful at the moment. The balloon is weird, but it is helpful.

Right, I'll just wrap the balloon around my arm and send the necklace to my inventory. The fifth round means a mini-boss, so I need to be ready. I don't know what to be expecting, but I can't get arrogant yet.

I get down and replant all the traps, pausing as I see the 'Rank up!' window appears. Heh, that means I reached Apprentice Rank in Mana Control. The new rank-up requirement isn't that difficult either, it's just a matter of using my magic more.

Spend 35,000 MP, deal 7,500 Magic Damage, and make 4 basic magic skills to progress to the next Rank. Progress to Adept Rank [0/35,000] [0/7,500] [3/4]

I go back to the top of the base, proceeding to the next wave. Depending on how I finish this, I might continue to wave 6.

Wave start

Defeat 10 Zombie Archers, 40 Zombie Soldiers, 5 Zombie Knights, and 1 Zombie Paladin [0/56]

Rewards: 1 Rare Gacha Token, Frost Wand, 3 Standard Stat Crystals, 100 Credits

Ah crap, archers. Ten of them.

I quickly crouch, peeking at the incoming undead with a frown. The archers are wearing hoods and are clothed in a green, rotted uniform, the soldiers are wearing simple leather armor as they hold a death grip on their rusty spears and swords, the knights are donned in blue armor with helmets, and they have weapons that look to be in far better condition compared to what the soldiers have.

As for the Paladin… I don't know how I'm going to beat that. Hefting a giant white and gold shield, and swathed in bulky white armor that fully covered it, with a huge white and gold axe. Not to mention just how big it was, I'm guessing eight-foot or something equally ludicrous.

High physical stats for them, then. The archers seem to prioritize DEX, being in the fifties and all, Knights have higher strength than everything on the field barring the Paladin, and the soldiers are in between, though they have the lowest health.

The soldiers' HP range from 300 to 450, Archers' range from 500 to 650, Knights are from 750 to 900. As for the Paladin… well.

Name: Paladin Zombie

Title: None

HP - 5800

MP - 500

SP - 3050

Race – Greater Undead

LVL - 38

STR - 210

END - 125

DEX - 40

INT – 10

WIS – 5

CHA – 5

LUK – 10

The jump in difficulty is a little concerning, to be honest, but I can do this. I just need to get rid of the archers as fast as I can. These zombies aren't as fast as the runners, but they seem to have a formation, and they're faster than regular zombies.

One of the archers draws its bow, prompting me to quickly shoot it down. It stumbles but survives. Not for long though, as I shoot it again, destroying its skull. Unfortunately, I didn't notice an arrow soaring towards me, and it was too late to dodge as it struck my shoulder.

I cry out in pain, hiding low as I grimace. That shaved off 90 HP. Thank god I have more than a measly 100 HP. That could've been fatal.

I could feel my heart thumping in my chest, as well as cold sweat dripping down my cheeks as fear began to dig its icy fingers into my head. Calm down, now isn't the time to panic. I just need to deal with the archers- I can outrun the other zombies if my castle is destroyed, but I can't outrun arrows.

I ignore the one stuck in my shoulder, for now, grunting as I forcefully move to draw up both of my arms to aim at the archers. I see five of them draw their bows, but I was quick enough to cast two Spiky Bombs, quickly crouching after launching them at the bastards and dodging the incoming arrows.

I couldn't see what happened, but when the arrow that was plunged in my shoulder suddenly just... pops out, I smile, degrees of my confidence returning. I didn't even need to see the level-up message. I check up on them, grinning as a knight fumbles onto a mine as two soldiers stumble and fall on the spikes.

My bombs took down seven archers, only two more to go.

Sadly the formation of zombies had already reached the first wall, and, right before my eyes, the Paladin shattered it in a single hit.

I bite down on my lip, nervous at how close they're getting, but instead, I chose to focus and aim for the archers again, killing the last two of them with a pair of fired shortswords. The zombies continue their march, the weak soldiers taking the fall and absorbing the damage of my traps. Eventually, all of them fall down and die, but not before the Knights and Paladin reach the tower.

Thinking quickly, I jump off from the other side, taking a chunk of damage from the fall, but thankfully nothing unmanageable. A ten-meter fall should've at least broken my leg, but I'm much more durable than regular humans with my 30 END.

I move quickly to plant more and more mines, their colors seeming more saturated and weak as I waste MP. What the hell is happening? My head is pounding and everything looks more black and white by the second. Is this because I have low MP?

I shake my head and withdraw out the mana potion that was being kept in my inventory, downing it in one go. It barely restored anything, but it at least dispelled my headache.

The undead finally break down the wall as I slowly back away, waiting for my mana to regenerate. There seems to be a good distance between us for now, the mines did a great job at lowering their numbers down to three: the paladin and two of the knights.

I deal with the knights first, as quick as I can, and knowing that my shortswords won't do much against the paladin's armor, I throw bombs at it instead. White cold mist envelopes the undead, and an Observe told me that four of my bombs only dealt 400 damage to the beastly undead.

I click my tongue, then my eyes widen when I glance at its stats. Its DEX had tripled, and I barely dodged the sweep of its axe by ducking at the last moment. My instincts took hold for a split second, and I form an ice pillar right between us, but one more swing from their axe easily shatters it.

My mind was working on overdrive, trying to think of any way I could survive as I pushed my body to dodge frantically, my small figure making it slightly easier for me to slip away from the gigantic axe's edge. With my mind set, I avoid wasting any time I can as I take out mom's revolver from my inventory, aiming at the Paladin's chest before pulling hard on the trigger.

The unexpectedly massive recoil threw me back a few feet, as well as leaving a piercing ringing in my ears and straining my wrist so badly the shock of it made it difficult to focus. I shake my head as the thunderclap the pistol barked out begins to die down, my jaw dropping as the entire upper torso of the Paladin simply isn't there any more. Hell, the remains of my little castle just behind it got erased as well.

What in the fuck?

I look down at the gun in my hand, my face breaking into a huge, nervous, grin. What kind of weapon is this? The description didn't do it justice. That thing was utterly annihilated.

What kind of an assassin needs what amounts to handheld artillery? What the fuck was mom being paid to kill with stuff like this?

Level up x8

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to the next wave?

Whatever mom was, she was not fucking around. Fucking hell, that thing almost broke my hand…

I stuff it back in my inventory, popping out my rewards instead. STR, DEX, and END crystals, which I crush quickly. Inwardly relieved at getting an END crystal.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level – 34

Title - None

Class - Cryomancer - LVL 24/100 [11%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 600 [60 per minute]

MP - 3400 [2040 per minute]

SP - 600 [60 per minute]

STR - 70

END - 60

DEX - 70

INT - 340

WIS - 340

CHA - 80

LUK – 20

My stats look great for someone just starting out. Alright, a frost wand and a rare token. They're bound to be useful stuff, right?

I snap the Token in half, and what replaces it is a blue bracelet saturated with magic. I can already tell this is much stronger than the other stuff I've gotten thus far.

[Mana Bracelet] – Item

An enchanted bracelet that enhances the wearer's mana capacity by a good margin. Usually given to adherents of royal mages.

Increases max MP by 20%

Oh, this is good. Easily my best pull so far. A 20% increase is nothing to scoff at, no matter how much MP you have. Though seeing as I can easily sense it with my still beginner skills, I'm pretty sure I ought to be hiding this to avoid being pinging the radars of the supernatural, it would be best to only pull it out whenever I'm in a fight.

And what can this wand do…

[Frost Wand]

A wand given to Ice magic apprentices to help practice their focus. A decent tool, but not one practical for the battlefield

Decreases Ice Magic MP cost by 10%, but reduces Ice Damage by 7%

Spells are easier to cast while wielding this

Eh, I don't think I'm ever going use this. My MP pool is already pretty huge, and it's only going to increase from here. The other bonus does sound nice, though, so maybe I should practice with it. The description did warn that it's no good for actual fights.

I think I'll stop for now. That last wave was stressful, and I'm not sure how long I've spent in here. My mother might be looking for me while I'm in here killing zombies for all I know. I should find a better way to destroy that Paladin's armor without using the pistol, Angel's Sorrow, too.

But that's an issue for tomorrow's Akane. I'll spend the rest of today relaxing instead.


"So, where are we going?" I ask my mother, my hands in my coat pockets. "You have a plan for what we're gonna do, right?"

"Of course I do." She nods. "First things first: The arcade!"

"That's the best you can come up with?" I ask with a raised brow.

"And do you have any better ideas?" Mizuki challenges with a frown.

"...Fair enough." I concede with a shrug. "Expected you to pick Karaoke in all honesty."

"That's for after we're done at the arcade." She waves it off. "Then after Karaoke, we can go watch a movie!"

"Which movie?"

She flashes the tickets with a smile. "I have no idea!"

"You bought tickets randomly?!" I look at her, dumbfounded. "Are you daft?"

"Ahh, you're worrying over nothing." She shrugs. "We have enough money to last us several lifetimes. What're two tickets gonna do?"

"I'm not worried about money, moron." I scowl. "Couldn't you have checked before picking something at random? I don't want to sit through a boring movie because your dumbass couldn't spend two minutes looking for something worthwhile."

"It'll be fiiine." Mizuki insists as she rolls her eyes. "Now come on, we're almost there."

I click my tongue in annoyance, crossing my arms as I follow her lead. My mom can really be a dumbass.

...Is she, though? Believe it or not, she is a legendary hitwoman, with weapons that put the military to shame. Is she really that 'goofy' or is this all just an act? Her love for me I can tell is true for sure.

But cold-blooded murderers aren't known to goof off in the arcade or laze around at home. They don't get emotional at cheesy movies or get frustrated when they lose in a video game. Even if you argue that she might be retired, it's still weird.

Has she been honest with me all these years? Is she genuine in those acts of hers? Or is this all a facade? A fake mask?

My throat tightens uncomfortably at the thought. Something about this rubs me off the wrong way and I don't know why. I don't care about her, not anymore at least, but I don't want her to lie to me either.

I shake my head with a small sigh. Must be those leftover emotions. I'll get rid of them soon enough probably. I give it a few weeks. Maybe the whole transition by the system wasn't as smooth as I thought.

It doesn't take long for us to arrive, my mother excitedly rushes inside the Game Centre, looking around before her gaze settles on a fighting game. I grimace as I realize what's coming, already not liking where this is going.

"Hey~ It's been a bit since we played this," Mizuki smirks. "You might be better than me at Mario Kart-"

"Every other party game."

"Mario Kart, but you've yet to beat me in a fighting game." Her smirk falters for a second as she sits down on the stool. "So? What do you say? Ready to test your luck?"

"I'm good." I shrug, pointing at another game. "I think I'll try out the racing one. Haven't played one in a while."

As I move away, she brings me to a stop by grabbing my shoulder. "W-wait! C'mon, throw me a bone here! I haven't had fun with one of these in ages, and it's only any good when I'm playing against another person!"

"Nah, it's fun for you, Not for me," I say. "You take fighting games way too seriously sometimes."

And she's scary good at them. Every single fighting game I bought she masters in a few hours. It didn't take long for me to give up trying to beat her, I even began avoiding fighting games altogether. Though to be honest I never found much enjoyment in them anyway.

She could go on tear through tournaments if she really wanted to. I'm pretty sure she'd be unbeatable there too, but when I suggested that she just shrugged and said something along the lines of not being interested in playing against strangers. I guess I can understand that mindset somewhat.

She's lying if she says she doesn't take them seriously though. When I say masters the game, I meant mastering every single playable character and stage.

"Please, just once!" She pleads. "I'll even give you something if you win! A million yen!"

"Keep your voice down!" I hiss with an annoyed scowl. "And we both know I don't need cash anyway. Now let go of me."

"Pweaseeeeee!"

"Grow the fuck-?!"

Quest added

[Undefeated Player] – Quest

Objective: Beat Mizuki Amamiya in a fighting game

Rewards: 1 Legendary Gacha Token, [Demon Rage], 5000 Credits, 250 DEX, 20+ Affection with Mizuki Amamiya

Danger level: None

…

…

I sit down on the stool, cracking my knuckles. "I'm kicking your ass."

"Why are you so fired up all of a sudden?!" She asks in shock. "You want the money that badly?!"

"Keep the money," I respond. "I just felt like beating you."

"Heh, you can try." She grins, arrogance oozing off of her. "But what I'm about to do will leave you in-"

"Just start the game already."

"Alright, alright. Sheesh…"

She inserts a coin inside the machine, the screen changing into the character menu. I choose the most obnoxious character I know as my mother picks random, making me frown. This bitch is looking down on me.

...Rightfully so, but that doesn't mean I won't get indignant about it.

Alright, Akane. Focus. You have like, seven times the reflexes of a regular human. You're probably quick enough to dodge bullets. With that in consideration, fighting games should be fairly easy. Besides, you have that Rising Star perk, relearning how to play shouldn't be difficult. Yeah, I got this. That legendary token is mine.

That is what I thought before she combo locked me and got a flawless victory in the first round.

"Pfft, what was that?" Mizuki snorts. "You got worse or something?"

"How did you-" I cut myself off, taking a sharp breath. "Whatever. That was a fluke."

"Of course you'd say that."

Turns out it wasn't a fluke because I only managed to land a single hit in the second round. Quickly glancing at her, I scowl at the bored look on her face, my pride stinging a little. However, pride over a video game meant nothing compared to the rewards I lost, prompting me to do everything in my power to not blow up.

Quest failed

"Eh? Where are ya goin'?" Mizuki grins as I stand up, her mocking aura making it very difficult to not bash her head on the screen. "Done already?"

"Yeah, not playing this shitty game anymore." I scoff. "You can keep playing by yourself. I want to find something fun to do."

"Ookay, you look like you're about to pop a vessel." My mother notes with a slightly surprised look. "Definitely grumpier than usual. Everything alright?"

I pause slightly, then sigh as I redirect my gaze to something else.

"That was uncalled for," I admit. "I'm sorry. Just... frustrated is all."

"That's alright." She smiles. "I know you don't mean most of the things you say, but we're here to have fun. Give Kiyoraha one last spin, y'know?"

"...Yeah, you're right."

"Then come on, how about one more game?" She offers, making me sit back down. "I'll hold back this time. No combo lock. Whaddya say?"

As I was about to decline, another quest pops up.

[Undefeated Player: Rematch] – Quest

Objective: Beat Mizuki Amamiya in a fighting game

Rewards: 1 Rare Gacha Token, [Unholy M1911], 500 Credits, 15 DEX

Danger level: None

Those don't look anywhere near as tempting, but rewards are rewards. Might as well try to get my hands on the Token at least.

As we were about to start the game, I pause, giving my mother a glance as an idea forms. I don't know if the quest would accept this, but it didn't specify anything other than "Beat Mizuki in a fighting game". Maybe the system is being a bit too literal?

Let's see…

"Hey, Kaa-san." I smile. "Mind doing me a favor?"

"Eh?" She blinks. "Sure, what's up?"

"Can you let me win this?"

"Huh?" She frowns in confusion. "Why?"

"I wanna get used to the character a bit more," I respond. "That's all really. We can play a little more seriously after it."

"Oh, well, sure!" She gives me a thumbs up. "You can take as many rounds as you'd like. Tell me when you feel ready, alright?"

Mizuki keeps her hands off the controls, letting me win the two rounds without any issues. As soon as I landed the final hit, the quest pings as complete, making me grin. Heh, can't believe I outsmarted the system when I'm only just getting started.

Quest complete

2 Reputation with The Game [3/100]
​
Clever.
​
Thanks, but I should've had the idea earlier. That would have gotten me a legendary item or skill right there. Oh well, I shouldn't get too mad about it. At the very least I still got something. I'll take a rare token over nothing.

"You good now?" My mother asks.

"Yeah, let's do it." I nod, inserting a coin. "What do you wanna do after this?"

"Hm, I was thinking the Photobooth?" She proposes.

"Sounds good."

It's unfortunate that I didn't get another quest to beat her, but at least she made it fun to play this time. Still, though, we have the entire day to fuck around town, and seeing that a simple fighting game could've earned me a legendary token and a ton of DEX?

I'd be stupid to not go along with my mother's shenanigans. I'll need to try and keep my temper in check whenever I lose or fail a quest though. Blowing up isn't wise, in fact, keeping her happy in all likelihood would mean playing more, generating quests.

Might as well enjoy myself.
​


(Mizuki)

"Cinderella~!" Mizuki sang, her melodious voice enclosed in the small room. "Hey! Hey! Hey!"

As the last words left her, she quickly spun around, eagerly waiting for the screen to show her score. A few seconds later a 95 was shown, prompting her to pump her fist in celebration.

"Alright! That's the best score I've ever gotten!" She smirked at her daughter, who had a strange look on her face. "What? Are you so shocked by my performance, you can't even form words of praise? Heh, you don't have to. Your mother might be in the forties, but she still has a voice even sirens envy!"

"Said mother picks songs like a six years old though." Akane retorted. "I'll admit that you have a nice voice though, so there's that."

"Hey, there's nothing wrong with my taste in music." Mizuki pouted as she sat next to her daughter. "You always loved that song too, y'know."

"Yes, twelve years ago," Akane replied.

"What, you're saying you're too old for it now?"

"No, I'm saying my preference in music changed as I got older." Her daughter clarified. "You should know this."

As Akane was about to pick a song, Mizuki quickly snatched the pad away, grinning mischievously as her daughter sighed in defeat. Akane glanced at her, her expression a mixture of annoyance and exasperation.

"What are you doing?"

"My taste in music is childish you say?" Mizuki narrowed her eyes.

"Yes."

"W-well, we'll see how you like it when I choose the most obnoxious song in the list!" She chuckled, her smirk almost faltering at her daughter's blunt response. "Not even your singing will sav-"

"I'm not gonna sing then."

"N-no, wait." Mizuki dropped her charade immediately, almost panicking. "It was a joke. I'm gonna put on a song you like, I promise."

"That's what I thought." Her daughter grinned smugly, snatching the microphone as she went up the small stage. "Go ahead now. We don't have all day."

Mizuki's lips thinned in mute frustration at Akane's smug look. There'd always been this strange need to wipe it off whenever it was directed towards her, but she can only do so much. She doesn't always have a good way on hand to get her embarrassed or angry.

Well, she can choose one of her childhood songs. That'll teach her to get all smug with her own mother.

Mizuki smiled slightly, scrolling through the list, almost picking a certain song that'd for sure have Akane turn red from head to toe out of sheer embarrassment before she hesitated slightly. Her impish grin faltered as she sighed, sparing her daughter the pain as she instead pressed on a popular and liked song.

"Oooh that's a good one." Akane praised, swaying her hips along with the beat. "Interjections?"

"Maybe a bit." Mizuki shrugged, putting the device on the table. "We'll see if you can beat my score~"

The smirk on her daughter's face told her that her challenge was accepted, the melodic singing that followed informed Mizuki that she's not pulling any punches, and that relieved the mother. The past few days, Mizuki noticed something strange about Akane.

"MIDNIGHT SHADOW kirisaku~ akuseru kishimu HIGHWAY CITY~"

Truthfully, this little outing of theirs solely happened to calm Mizuki's nerves. After all, they're about to move and live in Devil territory for months at the very least, and she knew just how dangerous the bastards were. She'd fought against them once upon a time, and alongside them far too many to count.

But then the reason for this changed a day after Akane recovered from that fever. Something was wrong, and not in the way her daughter's magic had suddenly spiked up, nor how terrifyingly quickly it'd been growing. No, those were a given considering their special heritage, unfortunate as it may be. What truly scared her was the change in Akane herself.

"Tomaranai kanashimi no rasen~" At this point, her daughter was semi-dancing, fully intone with the song. "Kisu de hikichigiru sa~ LADY~!"

"Woohoo! Go, go Akane!"

She'd lie more often and was more irritable than before, but those were fine. Teenagers are fond of their mood swings and all that, but the other issue...

Akane seemed empty- soulless, even. She'd get this strange look in her eyes sometimes that terrified Mizuki. She could've sworn she'd seen something similar before in soldiers, but it looked… different. Less intense, more focused, but still lifeless.

It reminded Mizuki of her past. All of her 'coworkers' had that exact same look. Calculating, cold, lifeless… inhuman.

How? Why would Akane be that way? What was wrong with her daughter?

"Unmei da no teisetsu da no jama wa kechirashita ze saa~"

And at times, Mizuki would spot her girl's eyes darting back and forth as if she was looking for something when all that was in front of her was a wall. It just happened earlier when they were at the arcade, but for the life of her she couldn't figure out what Akane was looking at or searching for. Mizuki used every ounce of her skill in both magic and even ki sense, but the results were the same. Nothing.

Was she depressed, and her mother hadn't noticed the signs until now? Or that Akane cared less about hiding it and didn't bother anymore? Did her magic mess with her head somehow? Surely that intense spike in her magic did something, right? Though, she's never heard of a mental side-effect such as this.​

Regardless, Mizuki will make sure that Akane has the best time she can with her. She would never tolerate her daughter being sad or depressed in any shape or form. She'll do anything in her power to cheer her up.

And Mizuki knew that Karaoke was the best way to do it.

"Kono ude daite omae wo nido to~ hanashi wa shinai~" Akane sang the last line, looking more expressive than she did in years. "MACHINE GUN KISS de JUST FALL IN LOVE~!"

No trace of that awful empty look- just a pleased smile gracing her daughter's lips after singing her heart out. It was one of the few times Akane looked as though she was having the time of her life. Mizuki knew how much Akane loved singing, even if she tried to hide it under her usual grumpy and sarcastic quips.

She'd wanted to become an idol once. Whatever happened to that dream?

Well, it doesn't matter. As long as she's alive, Mizuki will do everything in her power to ensure her daughter's safety and happiness.

"Kyaaaa!" Mizuki squealed, looking away from Akane's pleased look. "That was so amazing! I've never heard you sing so well before! Have you been practicing behind my back?"

"Maybe." Akane shrugged, turning her gaze to the screen. "And my score is… one hundred."

Mizuki froze, and once her brain processed what happened, she quickly stood up, looking at her daughter in awe. "A perfect score? I never thought I'd see the day."

"You know what this means?" She tilted her head.

"Eh? Wha- ah." Mizuki clicked her tongue after the realization. "I lost…"

"Which means I get to pick what we get for dinner."

"Please not Soba again! We always have it when we go out!"

"But Soba sounds so great right about now." Akane hummed. "I wonder..."

"Noo pleaaaase~" Mizuki begged. "Stop bullying me~"

As silly as she behaves outwardly, Mizuki was only feeling pure relief at the moment. Her plan had worked, even if only partially. She knew this issue couldn't be fully fixed so easily or so quickly, but at least she got her daughter out of her funk for a little while. She got to have fun, and show a real smile without lifeless eyes.

Even if it was just a temporary fix, Mizuki knew that she can help her daughter get rid of that look for good. She had no idea how, but she now knew that she could do it. Even if it takes her years, Mizuki will eradicate that empty look.

No matter what.

---------------

(Akane)

"Oh man, I was so worried." My mother chuckles as she walks beside me. "Genuinely thought you were gonna choose Soba again."

"I was only teasing you." I shrug. "Had it recently anyway."

"We haven't had any Korean Yakiniku for, what two years? You know how much I love it."

"I don't think anyone hates it. I just chose something both of us would like." I respond. "We went out to have fun, after all."

"That's true~"

"Wouldn't say the same about the movie though."

Mizuki flinches a bit, stuttering an excuse. "I-I didn't know it'd be that bad!"

My bemused look prompts her to smile sheepishly.

"A-at least we had a decent nap…?"

"You did." My frown deepens. "I watched the whole thing. If I wanted to nap, I would've gone back home."

"S-sorry…"

"I'm joking, Kaa-san." I smile, poking her cheek. "Was it a nice nap at least?"

She blushes in embarrassment, shrugging as she chuckles slightly. "I-it was next to you, so-"

"And this just got weird." I grimace. "You had to, didn't you?"

"I'm joking! A joke!" She panics as I quicken my pace. "C'mon, you know I don't view you that way, right? I'm not even into girls!"

"That does not help your case." I sigh in frustration. "So what, you'd be attracted to me if I was a boy?"

"Nope! Not even into boys either!" Mizuki says.

I pause, frowning in thought. "Wait, then how did you and dad-"

"I'm Tatsu-Sexual!"

"Forget I even asked." I hurriedly spit out, please God let this conversation end.

The rest of the walk was spent with her talking about how proud she is of me getting accepted into Kuoh, which only did the opposite of what she was hoping for. The uh… 'pre-system' me was over the moon when she got her acceptance letter, but knowing what's waiting for me over there is worrying.

Of course, I nodded along and acted happily, but in all seriousness a part of me wanted her to cancel. Most of DxD happens in that tiny town, from karaage- I mean, Phenex running amok to dragon gods radiating their own brand bullshit, everyone important seems to visit that place at least once in their lives.

The Riser thing isn't exactly something I should be concerned about though. After all, it doesn't really have anything to do with me. However, there are still the fallen to take care of, including Koko or whatever his name was. The warmonger guy, and he's something like Ultimate-class?

I'm nowhere near that level of power yet.

Not to mention, I need to deal with Protagonist-kun. I know that Issei is one of the worst shounen protagonists when it comes to random asspulls, up there with Ichigo and Natsu. I can't be too sure of anything with him, but if I remember correctly, he still hadn't joined up with Rias yet.

Maybe I can snatch him before she does? He's a dumbass that thinks with his dick. Seducing him should be all the effort of not actively being repulsed by him. The Boosted Gear is just too valuable to pass up. If I take Rias' place and become his savior/crush/leader, then I'll gain an incredibly powerful minion.

So that sounds like a plan.

It shouldn't be hard to convince him. He's naive and easy to manipulate, and I think Charisma helps out with that kind of crap anyway. Most of the stuff we did today increased it in some shape or form.

Quests completed

[Say Cheese!] – Quest

Objective: Get five photos at the photobooth

Rewards: 1 Common Gacha Token, 5 CHA, 50 Credits

[Claw Master] – Quest

Objective: Get three toys in the Claw Machine without using more than 500 Yen

Hidden Objective: Get two toys at the same time

Rewards: 3 Common Gacha Token, 5 LUK, 50 Credits

Hidden Rewards: 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, 10 LUK, 100 Credits

[Karaoke Queen] – Quest

Objective: Beat Mizuki's score in Karaoke

Hidden Objective: Get a perfect score

Rewards: 2 Uncommon Gacha Tokens, 5 CHA, 50 Credits

Hidden Rewards: 1 Rare Gacha Token, 15 CHA, [Angelic Voice] Perk, 150 Credits

[Torture Through Boredom] – Quest

Objective: Get through the boring movie without falling asleep

Rewards: 1 Uncommon Gacha Token, 250 Credits

[Angelic Voice] – Perk

Your voice is incredibly beautiful, so much so that it is capable of inspiring all your allies who can hear it. When you sing, you help them push on regardless of their injuries.

Singing will increase all allies' HP regen by 20% for 2 minutes

Yep, lots of quests. Have I mentioned yet that I love this power?

Sure, these rewards aren't all that glamorous, but anything, anything is an amazing reward considering the objectives of the quest. Get five photos? Watch a movie? Play Karaoke, one of my favorite hobbies?

What kind of dumbass would complain about getting quests like these? I get to have fun and profit off of it?

Unfortunately, not all the games had a quest, which was a little sad, but I'm not complaining. Getting too greedy isn't a good thing I've been told. This is good enough.

The sum total of my stat increases over the afternoon amounts to 50 CHA and 30 LUK, so now I have 130 in the former and 50 in the latter. What a broken perk…

As for my Tokens, I'll use them tomorrow in the dungeon. The rare one is what I'm really looking forward to. The last one I pulled gave me that really good mana bracelet.

"Eh?" Mizuki suddenly stopped, checking her pockets for something. "Wait a minute…"

"What is it?"

Her face pales as she mumbles quietly. "I think... I forgot my wallet."

"... You dumbass."

"I-I'll go back and get it! Wait for me here, okay?!"

"Nah, I'm going home." I shrug, walking away. "We're almost there anyway, sooooo…"

"Ah, damn it!" She curses. "Alright, fine! Be careful on the way back, okay?"

I wave goodbye as she runs off back the way we'd come from, sighing tiredly. Legendary Assassin my ass. How she stayed alive in that line of work and is still able to forget their wallet is beyond me. At the very least the place we left was a decent establishment so they probably kept it safe for her.

She's making it really difficult to trust what the system said about the suit.

I pull my phone out, scrolling through it as I look for something interesting to read. The atmosphere begins to get a bit colder, making me frown in discomfort. A few minutes pass, and I notice how suspiciously quiet it is.

Something's off. I'm near Kiyoraha's central park right now, so I should at least be hearing some children playing, or tourists walking nearby. Why is it so quiet? Why do I feel alone?

Something's watching me…

My grip reflexively tightens as I try to sense what's around me. Nothing.

I slow down my pace, feeling a little nervous before checking behind me. Once again, nothing. I take a deep breath, sending my phone to the inventory. I might be imagining things. I need to calm down.

A distorted voice close by makes me freeze. Whatever it was, it didn't sound human. Not in the slightest. I had my suspicions the moment I could hear my own breathing from how quiet it was, but I hoped I was wrong.

"So pretty…."

Slowly but surely, I turn around, my pupils tightening into pinpricks as I gaze at the most disgusting-looking thing I've ever had the misfortune to lay my eyes on. A grotesque, fleshy thing stood four legs, with multiple eyes all fixated on me as it slowly opens its maw to speak again, teeth filling every crevice.

Spoiler: Pretty fucking disturbing. Open at your own risk.
I couldn't move for a moment, too shocked to do anything. Thankfully, Gamer's Mind managed to keep me calm, my eyes narrowing in focus.

"You look so pretty…" It stated. "Why…?"

My response was to quickly cast and stuff a Spiky Bomb down its throat, backing off as the explosion stuns it. The spikes tore through its insides, but a check from Observe told me it barely suffered any damage. What the fuck is this thing?! Since when did Stray Devils get like this?!

I'll take a devil shooting acid from its nipples over this any day of the week!

Name: Maria Rodriguez

Title: Shadow of Kiyoraha

HP – 11,950/12,500

MP - 7000

SP - 9500

Race – Corrupted Devil

LVL - 85

STR - 250

END - 285

DEX - 120

INT – 25

WIS – 10

CHA – -4

LUK – 10

Oh, fuck it's strong.

As soon as I read over its stats, I quickly pull out the revolver, but the ugly bastard reacted fast as a tentacle shot out from its mouth, stabbing through my hand and forcing me to drop the gun.

I cry out in pain, reflexively casting a short sword to cut it off of me, backing away as I nurse my injured hand. Crimson beads of blood dripped down from the wound, my heart pumping in fear as I see the hole in my hand. The monster roars in a rage, prompting me to quickly run away after casting a wall behind me.

"Fuck…!" I grit my teeth, looking for a place to hide.

I sprint into an alleyway and hide behind a dumpster. Quickly glancing at my stats told me that one hit dealt 71 damage, making me grimace. I take out the health potion from a while ago, a tiny vial just as long as my middle finger, and down it.

I almost spit it back out from the taste but force myself to swallow it. And, a second later, the hole in my hand began to heal before my eyes. I blink a few times, testing it by making a fist before breathing a sigh of relief.

Suddenly, some strange droplets of liquid drip down from above and splash onto my shoulder. I blink, slowly looking up to see the maw of that ugly monster almost right on top of me, the stray's eyes are bloodshot as it trembles and quivers.

"Found you…"

I refuse to let my fear take hold a second time, I cast a spell, and a tower forms right under the dumpster, launching it and the monster high. I sprint out of the alleyway, leaving behind mines along the way as the stray chases after me immediately after crashing back down to earth.

While running, I take a deep breath to calm my nerves and sharpen my focus. Another one of the stray's tentacles comes soaring at me, but I manage to sidestep away as soon as it steps on a mine. A frost explosion engulfs the devil as I get closer to my target: The revolver laying on the ground.

A hot feeling in my shoulder causes me to stumble, but I quickly pick myself back up, completely ignoring the tentacle that had speared through it. It tries to pull me down and seeing as it had higher STR than me, I couldn't resist.

Another tentacle shot out to wrap around my leg, tripping me. The monster pulls me closer as I try to reach for the gun, mere inches away from me. My heart was thumping in my chest as I struggle to think of an alternative.

Letting my instincts go to work, I rush to create a new spell: An ice hook. It was just enough to drag the gun into my hand, and once I had it I took aim at the ugly fucker and fired. The deafening bang of the gun makes me reflexively shut my eyes.

Once I realized that nothing was pulling at me anymore, I slowly open my eyes, laughing at what I saw, whether it was out of nervousness or joy I don't know. What greeted me was the monster, completely blown apart with only its legs remaining. There wasn't even any blood- just destruction behind it and what was left of its gross-looking limbs.

Thankfully the bullet didn't fully destroy everything behind it, which were full buildings. Just went through a wall... or three. I doubt anyone would notice for a while.

I lower my head, still breathing heavily as the terror I was feeling slowly subsided. My limbs are still shaking, but I force myself to get up anyway, throwing the gun in my inventory. That was close. Way too close for comfort…

But I won.

I killed it.

I survived.

Whether it was luck or not, I'm still alive. I couldn't be any more satisfied with that. I.. didn't expect it to get the jump on me like that. I should've stayed with my mother instead of going on my own. What the hell was I thinking walking alone like that? Especially with the knowledge of a Stray Devil running around the town?

I shake my head. Whatever. It happened, I came out on top. Everything will be okay now.

Level up x14

Quest complete

[Shadow of Kiyoraha] – Quest

Objective: Discover who's been kidnapping girls in Kiyoraha

Bonus Objective: Kill the Kidnapper

Rewards: 3 Common Gacha Tokens, 2 Uncommon Gacha Tokens, Minor EXP, Necklace of Rejuvenation

Bonus Rewards: 1 Rare Gacha Token, Moderate EXP, Frost Soldier Pin

Danger Level: High

...I don't think I'll be sleeping very well tonight.


I look at the token rewards before me: Four uncommon tokens got me Power Ring, which increases my physical attacks by 10%, Energy Insoles that makes me run 20% faster, Frost Bullets for the revolver which I found convenient as fuck, and a Calm Necklace, which is basically a shittier Gamer's Mind.

As for the common… nothing good. A regular dagger, iced black coffee, a white t-shirt, and an apple. I didn't expect anything from it, to be honest, so I wasn't disappointed. As for the rare… I haven't used them yet.

Best for last and all that.

It's late at night and my mother is asleep. I should be able to use them without her finding out. Thankfully she didn't notice anything when she saw me, but that's because I hid my clothes and wore my PJs. Who knows what she'd do if she saw the hole in the damn thing.

Thank god leveling up heals everything.

First I take out the unholy M1911, Necklace of Rejuvenation, and the Frost Soldier Pin. They were pretty useful for now, especially the pin. It's especially good.

[Unholy M1911] – Item

A regular M1911 enchanted with unholy powers, enhancing its capabilities and giving it a dark attribute. Enchanted guns seem to be the norm around here...

Deals 500 + DEXx2.2 Physical Damage + 350 Dark Damage

[Necklace of Rejuvenation] – Item

Given to anyone training physically, for it helps with regaining one's stamina. A mildly useful item for battles.

Increases SP Regen by 15%

[Frost Soldier Pin]

A pin given to accomplished soldiers of the Permafrost army. It's a badge of honor, enchanted by the king himself to give the wearer an edge in battle.

When worn, all physical attacks will be imbued with 5% Ice Damage of the total damage. Increase Ice Resistance by 15%

I'm not as interested in the gun or necklace as I am in the pin. 5% looks low, and that's true considering how much I deal anyway, but it's an extra damage type. Two types of damage in a single attack is amazing.

Let's see if the Gacha can top this.

I take a look at the first Rare token, snapping it without a moment's notice.

25+ STR! 25+ END!

Huh? Wait, I can get stats out of Gacha?

That's… okay then. I won't turn my nose up to that.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level – 48

Title - None

Class - Cryomancer - LVL 48/100 [51%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 1100 [110 per minute]

MP - 4800 [2880 per minute]

SP - 1100 [110 per minute]

STR - 120

END - 110

DEX - 100

INT - 480

WIS - 480

CHA - 130

LUK – 50

And it fucking doubled! I love the stupidly overpowered perk so much. I wouldn't be alive without it I'm pretty sure.

I snap the next token, and what replaces it was a red sword with a golden handle. I blink, feeling a strange intensity and heat from it. Hm, a magical longsword, huh? I always wanted to slice some zombies in all honesty. I never had the chance to snatch that Katana.

[Fiery Blade] – Item

An old sword enchanted by a skilled Pyromancer. While not at the level of legendary weapons, it's still notably powerful, burning whatever it slashes.

Deals 300 + STRx4 Physical Damage and 250 Fire Damage

A tiny bit better than my Golden Baseball Bat, but that's because of the extra Fire Damage. Oh well, I'm still using the bat regardless. It'll be fun to see cash flying everywhere. Also, it honestly looks cooler than the sword to my eyes.

So far so good. Hopefully, the last one doesn't disappoint.

Skill learned

[Cryomancy: Crystal Wings] – Skill

A special spell only recorded in an ancient cryomancy grimoire. Strong yet light wings will emerge from your back, temporarily giving you the ability to fly. The wings can suffer a great deal of damage before shattering, but once broken, the spell cannot be cast again for some time.

Gives flight and protects for 20,000 points worth of damage before shattering. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double damage from Fire. Once shattered, you won't be able to cast the spell for 30 minutes

Lasts for 5 minutes

Costs 5000 MP

...Don't take this as me complaining, but is this rigged? What are the odds of getting a Cryomancy skill out of infinite of stuff? How am I this damn lucky? I mean, to be completely fair here, I could've gotten any kind of wings skill, maybe fire or wind wings instead. It's just that I'm surprised that it's ice wings. Is the Game trying to push a theme on me?

Regardless, this is definitely going to help a tonne in the zombie dungeon, even against whatever I fight in Kuoh. Maybe the Fallen will try to attack me or something. I can do with wings, whether it's for maneuverability or just to escape with. I can't wait to use these once I get enough MP~!

After all, who doesn't want to fly?
Last edited: Jul 14, 2021
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Nyxvis, TheAmnisiac and 402 others
Mirlnir
Jun 29, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 4: First Contact
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 13, 2021
Add bookmark
#86
Mizuki glanced at her daughter, all ready for their flight to Tokyo, dressed in a black shirt under a thin red coat with fur trims and short jeans covering down to her knees. Casual wear, all things considered, and along the lines of what she usually wore when she left the house.

"Got everything ready?" Akane asked, zipping up her bag.

"Just need a few things…" Mizuki responded, returning her gaze back at the bag.

"Say, should we be bringing this little?" Her daughter questioned, pointing at the lack of clothes and other sundries. "I mean, we're gonna be there for months, right?"

"No worries there." She shook her head with a smile. "We can go get what we need after we arrive."

"This is just an excuse to drag me out to the shops with you, isn't it?" Akane accused with an amused smile.

"Maybe~"

"Always in a roundabout way. You could've just straight up asked, you know." She shrugged. "I wouldn't have turned you down."

Mizuki smiled as she sifted through her bag again, checking to see if she forgot anything. Akane waited for her, leaning against the wall as she blankly looked at… nothing. Mizuki frowned, then grimaced as she realizes what had come over her again.

There it was, eyes searching for something that Mizuki wasn't able to find even if she pushed her abilities to the limit looking. There was nothing to sense, nothing to hear or smell- what the hell is Akane looking for? What is she doing?

Mizuki sighed in frustration, pulling her daughter's attention.

"What's up?" Akane asked.

"Nothing, nothing…" Mizuki muttered. "Say, how about you wait for me in the cab? There's a couple of other things I wanna take so I'll be there in a minute."

"I can help you pack if you want." She offered.

"No, it's fine." The mother declined. "Thanks, honey."

Akane shrugged and took her bag, leaving Mizuki alone in the house.

Well, not quite.

Mizuki went into her room, closing the door behind her before opening the secret armory behind the bookcase. She scanned over the dimly lit room, biting her lips as she noticed one of her weapons was missing.

So that intense holy energy she felt near her daughter wasn't her imagination. Akane had somehow discovered this place. But how had she managed to hide the gun and its energy so quickly? Keeping the ambient energy of a magical instrument hidden with your own magic requires incredible mana control, and Akane is definitely just a beginner.

And she didn't take any of this old junk, no, her daughter just had to grab Angel's Sorrow, her strongest holy weapon. If that won't get the alarm bells of the filth in Kuoh ringing she doesn't know what will. But that just brought her back to her first thought, how did Akane even get into here?

Had she been suspicious of her before? Could she feel something was off? Had it all just been sheer bad luck on her count and Akane found this place on accident?

"Wonderful, just great. This is exactly what I needed." Mizuki growled, cursing under her breath. "Fan-fuckin'-tastic..."

Mizuki felt a knot in her stomach, cursing under her breath.

What could she do now? How did she even begin to explain everything? What will her daughter think if she knew her mother was a cold-blooded murderer who'd killed innocent people for a living? All she can do now is brace herself for when Akane starts asking questions.

For as many people as she had killed, for as many times as she'd danced with death, Mizuki had never been more terrified. Imagining losing her daughter's love made the hardened veteran shake.

Akane had been the light of her life since the day she was born, Akane was the driving force behind Mizuki facing each day. What could she do if her daughter ever came to reject her, hate her?

She shook her head, ridding herself of the morose thoughts. Thinking about hypotheticals rarely helped- she'll just act like she always has while waiting for the inevitable.

She took her suit and gathered a suite of weapons. A sword, a sniper rifle, and the twin to Angel's Sorrow: Demon's Rage. This much should be enough. Even if she was nowhere near as powerful as she'd been in her prime, her skills had never dulled. She was still plenty capable of killing someone or something dozens of times stronger and faster than her with just these arms and her own skill.

Mizuki shut the secret armory and slid open the door to the front garden, her eyes locking on something nearby.

"Here." She said, putting the weapons down. "That's all I need. When can I expect them?"

Something flickered, and a man in a suit appeared out of thin air, a Tojo pin in his chest.

"They should be there before you arrive." The agent replied as a few other men deactivated their invisibility.

"...You guys are quick."

"We wouldn't survive otherwise." He responded with a shrug. "Anything else?"

"Naw, that's all I need." Mizuki waved, taking her personal bag. "Send Daigo my regards wouldya?"

Mizuki walked out of the house, taking on an easy smile as she spotted her daughter.

If she's going to Devil territory, then she'll damn well be prepared for any nastiness. Those filths are bloodthirsty and unpredictable as it is, but for them to be so close to her beautiful daughter? Who knows what they'd do to drag Akane into one of their peerages.

Glorified slavery was all that was.

Daigo had better keep his damn word, otherwise, he'll have to deal with a new war.


(Akane)

Resting my elbow on the arm of the chair, I glance out the window next to me, thousands of meters above the ground as the plane takes us from Kansai to Kanto, Tokyo Airport. My mother next to me quietly reads some shounen manga, flipping the page every now and then.

The past few days after the fight have been quieter. I didn't encounter any other strays nor did I get in any fights with the local delinquents. I actually spent the time refining my magic some more, refusing to go further than the paladin until I find a sure way to kill it without using the overpowered Revolver.

So I didn't level up, but I did rank up both Ice Magic and Mana Control. I created another pure magic skill called Magic Push, which does exactly as the name suggests. It pushes away targets and dazes for a second or two. That depends on the enemy of course; it does jack shit to the paladin or even knights.

[Mana Control: Magic Push] – Skill

Unleash a wave of magic that pushes targets away, sometimes even stunning them for a few seconds. Distance and Force relies on Mana Control Rank and total Level

Costs 250 MP

I'm pretty satisfied though. Both skills are at adept, which means I'm probably able to hide my magic from the devils if they're even going to try to recruit or interact with me. After all, I'm supposedly a very important individual from what that letter said.

If this D.D person is as strong as they implied, then I don't think Rias and Sona will be stupid enough to piss him off. The devils are weak from two wars, but the Yakuza aren't. Sure, they've suffered wars before, but humans are far easier to recruit; unlike devils. Of course, this is all under the assumption that the Yakuza are even strong enough to oppose the devils.

Which is why I can't rest easy just yet. It's good to know that someone like Ryuji Goda, a yakuza, is so strong I'm not even able to see his stats. That means they're threatening at the least. Still, though, I'm going to Kanto, and that's Tojo Clan turf, not Omi. The Omi Alliance won't be able to set foot there unless the Tojo allows it.

...Does that mean my mother has connections with the Tojo too? I mean, my father was a Tojo Yakuza, but from what I know he was just a grunt. I doubt that'd get Mizuki an in with anything further up the ladder.

Still, the more I think about it, the more sense it makes. The initials in that letter are D.D, and the only Yakuza I could think of that would fit is Daigo Dojima, the sixth chairman of the Tojo Clan. We're going to Kanto, and a patriarch is going to be there to guard me.

I know the two organizations are considered allies, but sending an Omi patriarch and his family to Kuoh seems too much. Not only does it sound like a violation of trust, but it also might put the devils on edge. It could be seen as sending a message that says "Both Clans are watching."

If it's a Tojo patriarch, then the devils won't be as nervous, and there shouldn't be any rise in tension between the two Yakuza factions. If that's the case, then my mom knows Dojima personally. How, though? If I remember correctly, my mother lived most of her life in Osaka and Kiyoraha, both of which are in Kansai.

And she was apparently an assassin that wanted to destroy both factions. What changed? How did she turn from an enemy to a close ally? Is it related to my father? Is my dad really just a regular Tojo grunt? If not, then...

I turn my gaze to my mother, my eyes narrowing slightly.

Did he really die from a car crash, or is this just another lie?

Regardless, I'd still rather depend on myself. Having someone protecting me is nice and all, but it's better to not even need protection to begin with. It's essentially just insurance for now, though I doubt it'll be a good idea to rely on them overmuch.

Then there's the three Fallen and that Koki- whatever his name was. All of which are a threat for now, and while they're most likely still going target the devils and Issei for his Sacred Gear as I lay low… it could be a good opportunity to get some good REP with them if I helped fend them off. Like it or not, I need more connections if I want to survive in this fucked up world. I have a head start with how I turned out to be a pseudo Yakuza heiress, however, I've got to build up more. The Yokai, Devils, and Fallen are my best bets right now.

The Yokai because I found it weird how they're not at war with the Yakuza – though that's still an assumption for now. I can't know if they're engaged in a cold war behind our backs – so they might have a positive relationship with them. I don't want to have to rely on magic alone, and Ki sounds like it would be cool to learn.

The Devils only because it would be easy to befriend Rias and her peerage, the same with Sona. I have a golden opportunity to help with her marriage fiasco after all. I'd be stupid if didn't act on that. Having Sirzechs and/or Serafall's backing in my pocket would be bound to be useful.

The Fallen would be the most difficult of the three, though being on good terms with Azazel ought to be something I strive for. He's mad for certain, but that doesn't make him any less of a genius. I know he made some artificial Sacred Gears at some point, and I want to know how he does that. Making my own overpowered weapons sounds fun.

Friends in high places and all that. But for now, baby steps; I haven't even met the devils yet.

"Nervous?" My mother asks me with a smile, putting her manga down.

"...A bit," I answer truthfully. "The only time I've been in Kanto was when we went to Kamurocho for Hana's birthday a few years ago."

"Bah, it's all the same." Mizuki shrugs. "The only real difference is size. Kuoh is much bigger than Kamurocho, and it's not as bright. But hey, I'm sure it'll be fine~"

"You went there before?" I raise a brow.

"A couple of times. It's where I met your father." She smiles wistfully. "My handsome prince~ Oh how I miss him".

"I can understand handsome – somehow – but prince?" I deadpan. "Dad always looked like he was about to crack someone's skull because they looked at him funny. There's nothing princely about him."

"W-well, that's what you think!" She pouts. "He might look rough on the outside, but he's gentle and kind on the inside."

"I know that, Kaa-san. He's my father." I respond, crossing my arms. "You just have to admit that he doesn't look like it."

"Nope, he's definitely your father alright." My mother shakes her head. "You have the exact same glare. Maybe it's the eyes…"

"We share eye color. That's it." I note. "I still think I look more like you than him."

"Obviously. You're half me after all." She smiles. "I'm just saying that you resemble Tatsu's resting bitch face when you're angry, which is basically all the time."

"Being saddled with the likes of you does that."

"Y-you'll understand what I mean eventually." Mizuki's smile falters as she nods, patting my head. "Once you find someone you like."

"Hmm…"

I really doubt that.

"Anyway, I'm sure you'll like it in Kuoh. After all, there's a surprise waiting for you at the Airport." My mother grins.

"A surprise?" I look at her, feeling interested. "What kind?"

"Wouldn't be much of a surprise if I told you now would it?"

"Isn't it counterproductive to even mention that there's a surprise?" I point out, making her pause for a bit before replying.

"No, it just makes you excited for it."

"And if it's not as good as you make it out to be?" I say. "I'd rather not get disappointed, to be honest."

"Stop being so pessimistic! It's a good surprise, okay?"

"...Fair enough." I shrug. "We'll just have to wait and see then."

I doubt it's anything that worthwhile, but she seems pretty excited about it. Well, more… relieved now that I give her a better look. She still looks a tiny bit nervous. She's really scared of devils for a "Legendary Assassin". Here I thought she'd show a bit of backbone.

I can't be all that judgmental though. Who knows what she went through before she had me. Something about that letter implied that my mother dislikes or is scared of them, which I assume meant the devils.

I'm supposed to be the scared one knowing the insane shit that happens in Kuoh every other Tuesday, but hey, maybe the Yakuza will put a stop to all of this. Who knows, maybe they already swept through the entire town and got rid of the fallen.

I'd really like it if that's the case.



(Sona)

Rereading the letter, the Sitri Heiress frowned slightly, alone in the student council office with her Queen. School is about to start again. Nothing too interesting in itself, but at least it'd keep her away from the underworld for a bit. As prim and proper as she can be, devil politics are still exhausting.

However, something's obviously different this year. She didn't expect a letter directly from Serafall and Sirzechs to be sent to her and Rias, giving them warnings about certain individuals.

The two heiresses had heard of new students being completely off-limits. Rias assured her that that was just a rumor, but Sona knew better. After all, Kuoh isn't theirs, it's the Tojo Clan's turf. Sirzechs merely borrowed the area for their education.

The Crimson Satan tried to convince Rias to continue her schooling in the Underworld, but everyone who knew him was well aware that he lacks the ability to say "No" to his little sister. Rias was adamant about studying in Japan, Kuoh specifically for whatever reason.

Sona volunteered to go along with her for a couple of reasons. One: She's admittedly interested in human culture in general, and living along with them seemed fascinating. Two: She knew Rias needed babysitting due to her lack of self-awareness. And three…

Well, she wanted a break away from the underworld and away from Serafall in particular. Home was stressful enough as it was- Sona had no desire for her sister to be watching her every step.

Lord Sirzechs managed to convince the Tojo Chairman to temporarily lend them Kuoh until they finished college, which would only take a few years. Daigo Dojima agreed as a gesture of goodwill because like the New Satans, he hates unnecessary bloodshed.

They spent one year in Kuoh already, and it had been a surprisingly quiet one. Rias had a lot more self-restraint than Sona gave her credit for. She did study human culture, so maybe that was it.

However, that self-restraint might be put to the test from what this letter implied.

Two new students will be coming to Kuoh, and both are equally important to the Tojo Clan.

Akane Amamiya, daughter of Tatsu Amamiya, the Immortal Dragon and one of the most powerful humans to have ever graced the Earth.

And Haruka Sawamura, a former idol and the adoptive daughter of Kazuma Kiryu, the Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan and the strongest wielder of the Azure Dragon Sacred Gear.

Daughters of people who earned the title of Dragon, the most respected title amongst the Yakuza.

This Akane, though... She seemed interesting. Yokai ancestry? Those were admittedly rare, and her own heritage is almost nonexistent at this point.

Both are extremely important to the Tojo Clan. A single scratch might be enough to spark a war with them. The big red "DO NOT PROVOKE" in the letter should be plenty enough of a warning.

Rias seemed not that worried, simply shrugging and saying something along the lines of "Doesn't mean we can't be friends with them". Sona could only resignedly resolve herself to keep her friend from doing anything stupid.

If she tries to invite them to her peerage, it would become a disaster, whether they gave their consent or not. The Amamiya girl's mother harbored an intense hatred towards devilkind and Kazuma doesn't want Haruka to get involved with the supernatural at all.

Disrespecting their wishes isn't so much stepping on the Tojo's toes as it is kicking them in the crotch. Sona will not have Rias do anything so risky and stupid due to her devil pride and arrogance. She might not show it in the traditional way, but it was insufferable even to her.

So on top of keeping an eye on the two new girls, Sona will have to do the same for Rias.

Sona sighed tiredly. She'd come here to take a breather, not work more.

"Tsubaki, have the students arrived yet?" Sona questioned her Queen, who nodded.

"Just recently. Sawamura-san will be coming here in a few hours to collect her uniform."

"And Amamiya?"

"She just landed in Tokyo Airport. She'll be arriving in Kuoh soon."

"I see." Sona nodded. "Is there anything else I should be made aware of?"

"Actually…" Tsubaki started, making the Sitri Heiress pause. "Someone else arrived in Kuoh recently, only two hours ago, but he quickly made his way to Tokyo Airport.'

"And that is?"

Tsubaki put a picture on the desk; a middle-aged man wearing an unbuttoned maroon pinstripe jacket, black dress shirt, and black slacks. Sona recognized the man, who wouldn't? He's made waves across the underworld and was the owner of a very successful business.

Sona had never met him personally, but she was aware of his intellect and strength. The man was nothing compared to her sister of course, though that doesn't discern his ability. He's a wielder of an especially powerful Sacred Gear.

Unfortunately, while he's not in any faction in particular, opting to remain independent, he's close to the Tojo, which makes things significantly more complicated. They're not in a position to complain about new arrivals like this...

"Why is he here?" Sona asked with a thoughtful frown.

"As far as I know, he's very close to Sawamura-san and Amamiya-san," Tsubaki said. "I didn't expect him to come, though."

Neither did Sona if she's being honest.

She resisted a groan, feeling a headache coming.

Great, another thing to worry about. As if the two pseudo heiresses and that crazy yakuza weren't enough.

Now the Vermilion Bird had decided to grace them with his presence.

(Akane)

"What exactly are we looking for?" I sigh, my mother scanning the crowded airport with squinted eyes.

"Gimme a few minutes." She responds, clicking his tongue in annoyance. "Where the hell is he…?"

The flight didn't take long, only around an hour and a half, but I never liked planes, to begin with. Stuffy, uncomfortable, and the god damn kids crying in the back. Even first-class seats didn't help. I almost went off on the little shit behind me for constantly kicking the back of my seat.

Tiny bastard. Anyone under 10 years old should be fucking banned from planes.

We didn't take much with us, so we got a pass to take our bags aboard. I approve of this decision in all honesty, way better than having to wait an hour for luggage because of the workers' incompetence.

So we made it to the main gate, but we've been dithering here for around twenty minutes now, my mother's looking for someone from what I can see, but she refuses to tell me who, and I'm too annoyed to think over who it might be either.

I just want to lie down and take a nap.

"Ah, there he is!" Mizuki smiles widely, waving at someone in the distance. "Over here, Shun-kun!"

"Shun-kun?" I parrot in confusion, then my eyebrows shoot up in surprise as I see my uncle approaching with a wave.

Out of everyone, I didn't expect him and I don't know why. It should've been obvious.

Shun Akiyama, practically my mom and dad's best friend, and someone I looked up to. The owner of Sky Finance, a very successful Credit Company in Kamurocho with a newly opened branch in Sotenbori.

He's someone I'd known since I was small, he always played a big role in my life, especially after my father's passing when Mizuki just... shut down for a few months. I probably would've turned out ten times worse if he wasn't there for me.

In a way, he's kind of a father figure to me as well.

...And I still feel nothing towards him, just some respect I guess. This Sociopath Trait is effective as all hell. It's a bit horrifying. All the memories I have regarding my family just don't matter to me any more.

The effects this Gamer powers have on the human brain are morbidly fascinating.

"Surprise!" Mizuki whispers to me.

"That's the surprise?" I question.

"Yo!" He greets casually. "Mizuki-san, Akane-chan. It's been a while, hasn't it?"

"Three years, you lazy ass." My mother pointed at him, poking his chest. "We haven't seen you in three damn years. Where have you been?!"

"O-oh you know, busy job and all that."

I snort audibly, almost laughing at the absurdity of the statement. I've never seen him busy in my entire life.

"You mean Hana-chan was busy." My mother deadpans. "All you do is sleep on the couch and do nothing."

"You know I also own a cabaret club, right?" He retorts, eyebrow raised.

"Nobody goes to cabaret clubs anymore, Oji-san." I shrug. "Everyone uses free porn nowadays, or just stays in their rooms playing eroge."

"Well, those are… censored…?"

We stare at him silently, forcing him to sigh in defeat.

"Hey, I was busy, alright?" He insists. "Cut it out already."

"Sure, if you take those off our hands like the good gentleman you are." Mizuki grins, patting his shoulder and pointing at our bags. "C'mon now, we don't have all day."

As he goes to take my bag I shrug and give it to him. He obviously doesn't mind the ordeal, there's a relaxed smile on his face as he leads us out of the airport. After a short while, I frown a little as I think over this whole situation. I slow my pace, pursing my lips a bit as I finally notice something off about this.

Akiyama knew my mom and dad for a long time before I was even born. My mom is a legendary hit-woman and my dad is possibly a high-ranking Yakuza, so what would that make him? I don't think for a second that he's a regular human.

It doesn't make sense. Why would my mother, who knew about the devils, drag a random regular civilian to Kuoh? Not to mention someone as close to both of us as Shun?

My eyes narrow, widening a second later as I use Observe on him.

Name: Shun Akiyama

Title: Lifeline of Kamurocho

HP - 500,000

MP - 250,000

SP - 340,000

Race - Human

LVL - 731

STR - 4075

END - 5510

DEX - 6780

INT - 2800

WIS - 2750

CHA - 3870

LUK - 1550

Thoughts about you – Secretly his favorite niece, will protect you with his life

Reputation - 100

Affection - 20

Obedience - 20

Loyalty - 60

I fucking called it. I knew he wasn't a normal guy!

Holy hell his stats are high as fuck though. More than a thousand in everything? Just what did he go through? What pushed him to get so powerful? I mean, he's no Yakuza, and I'm pretty sure he's not in any faction in general.

Unless there's some hidden faction I don't know about. It's possible.

At least his REP and Loyalty levels are very high. He does like me then, and while I never doubted it, it's still good to know that what I saw wasn't an act. He'll 'protect me with his life' which is all I ask for anyway.

What's this favorite niece crap though? I thought I'm his only niece?

"Akane-chan?" He calls out, shaking me out of my thoughts. "Are you alright?"

"S-sorry, I zoned out for a second there." I quickly response, hoping he didn't sense the Observe spell.

"Clearly." He chuckles. "I'll load the bags in the back. You can get inside."

"Inside-?" I pause as I finally notice the red sports car in front of me. "...Right."

I should stop letting high stats surprise or shock me. It's DxD, a lot of people are stupidly powerful here, reality-shattering kinds of strength even. But with what I have I know I'll catch up eventually.

I have some political power, close allies that are probably willing to help me train and get stronger, and meta-knowledge to some degree. Adding the Gamer to all of that and you could be forgiven for accusing me of playing on easy mode. A few years as an estimate would probably be generous if I was to make it my goal to conquer all the realms, something I can actually manage if I play my cards right.

I just need to keep playing the good girl for now. This is definitely easier in the long run, which makes it the most logical decision.

After all, you're far less likely to be betrayed by the 'good' side than the bad side.



"Home sweet home!" Mizuki celebrates, rushing inside the new house as my uncle parks the car.

Akiyama steps out of his fancy vehicle, stood next to me as I scan over the outside of the sizeable house.

"So?" He asks. "Whatcha think?"

"It's a lot smaller than I thought," I answer bluntly, making him sigh.

"Bad, then?"

"I didn't say that." I cross my arms. "Knowing Kaa-san, she'd have bought a mansion here too. I kinda prefer this to be honest."

"Right?" He chuckled.

It's a two-story house with a European design, a far cry from our old Japanese-styled mansion back in Kiyoraha. I've always preferred this look anyway, and the mansion was just too big. We only really used a handful rooms.

Still, a two-story house for two people only is big. Unless…

"Are you going to be living here with us?" I ask Akiyama.

He shakes his head. "Nope. I have an apartment a few blocks away. Why do you ask?"

"So I know when to leave the house when you and Kaa-san decide to fool around." I tease with a smirk, making him stumble.

"Woah, it's not like that, Akane-chan, I promise." He shivers, but a tiny blush was present on his face. Caught him off guard~ "Please don't even joke about that."

"Sure, sure." I shrug, patting him on the back before whispering quietly. "Just know that you have my blessing."

He groans at my needling as I follow my mother inside, looking around the place. There's no missing furniture, everything seems to be already taken care of. A kitchen, living room with a huge TV, two guest rooms and a bathroom. My mother was nowhere to be seen, she probably went up the stairs.

"Damn, she went off on the interior," I say with surprise. "Really didn't hold back. How much did all of this cost?"

"Well, Mizuki-san wanted to make your stay here comfortable," Akiyama said. "She cares deeply about you after all."

"I suppose…"

Suddenly a ringing noise sounds out, prompting us both to pause as Akiyama pulls out his phone. He frowns slightly and answers it and I leave him to his call. It's the polite thing to do I guess.

I go up the stairs, there's a hallway with multiple rooms connected to it. Three bedrooms with a bathroom for each, and a trap door leading to an attic above, I think. One of the bedrooms had a door open, and inside it was my mother face first on the bed.

And here she is acting like a child again.

"What are you doing?" I question her, already expecting a silly answer.

"Bed is comfy…" She mumbles. "You should join me~"

"No thanks, still have to go pick up my uniform from the school." I sigh. "Maybe later."

She gasps, looking at me in surprise. "So you will?!"

"Will what?"

"Sleep with me?!"

I pause, looking at her silently for a few seconds before shrugging. "Sure, why not. I guess I owe you for getting your hopes up last time."

"...I feel like you're insinuating something and I don't like it." She narrows her eyes.

"You're imagining things." I wave it off. "I'm leaving now. Gotta get that uniform."

"Wait, I'll come with you." She says, but I stop here.

"Nah, it's fine. You're probably still tired from the flight." I shake my head. I don't think it's wise to get her near devils now. "I'll be quick about it."

"B-but-"

"It's fine." I insist, making her frown in worry. "I'm old enough to take care of myself, it's just an errand after all."

As I go downstairs, I spot my uncle just finishing his call.

"Thanks, I… guess I owe you one." He sighs, a grimace visible on his face. "I'll meet up with him soon. Thank you, Saejima-san."

I frown slightly. Saejima? I feel like I've heard that name from somewhere…

Oh right, my mother talked about him once. A friend of hers and Akiyama I think.

"Oh, Akane-chan." He spots me and smiles. "Done looking around?"

"Yup, I'll head out to the academy now," I inform him. "We can continue sightseeing once I get back."

"Sounds like a plan." He smiles. "I'll stay here with your mother. Gotta talk to her about something."

"Sure, just don't get too frisky, alright?" I smirk.

"We won't." He rubs the back of his neck with an exasperated sigh. "It's important stuff, I promise."

"Right, important adult stuff." My smirk widens.

"No no, none of that." He insists, a little flustered. "Can you please stop teasing your forty-year-old uncle?"

"Sure, sure. Just remember to use protection." I say casually, opening the front door. I whisper the next sentence loud enough for him to hear. "Though, I wouldn't mind a surprise sibling."

"Oh for the love of-!"

I close the door behind me, giggling at his reaction. I knew he had the hots for my mom for a while, not anymore I'm pretty sure, but those feelings existed at some point. He wasn't lying when he said he didn't see her that way – their relationship is more like that between siblings now – but if my teasing works, then why should I stop?

If they somehow get together, then good for them? I don't really care enough to keep it from happening. It'd be pretty weird to call him father though. I'll just stick with Oji-san since that's what I'm used to.

I'm entertaining this idea way too much, but it's just too funny. I'm half hoping it happens just to tease them about it until the end of time.

I'll never let my mother live it down.



(Akiyama)

As his niece departed, Shun sighed deeply. She's grown a lot bolder compared to the last time he saw her, a lot calmer too. It had been three years though, Akane likely just matured a lot during that period.

Even then, something was… odd about her.

Her magic felt stronger, more refined even when she tried to hide it. Such skill at her age considering she'd never trained before is incredible. He'd be very proud of her, but it was concerning seeing as she's not supposed to be involved with the supernatural at all.

It was Tatsu's final request. Keep his daughter out of it.

Shun frowned, glancing at Mizuki descending down the stairs, looking equally worried. "Mizuki-san, did you-"

"No." She denied the incoming question. "She's self-taught. I doubt she knows that I noticed."

"Self-taught?" Shun repeated. "When did she awaken her magic?"

"...A few days ago," Mizuki answered, her voice quiet.

"What?!" His eyes widened. "A few days were enough for her to be that good? Are you sure?"

"I live with her, Shun." She scowled. "I know her like the back of my fucking hand. I'm aware of everything that goes around my home."

"Right, right, sorry." He sighed. "Just… this is insane, Mizuki-san. It usually takes months for even prodigies to even get close to that level, and Akane-chan did that in only a few days?"

"I-I know. It's unbelievable." She agrees. "I… don't like it, Shun-kun. At any other time, I'd be proud, but something is wrong."

"Wrong?" Shun frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Did- did you notice how she zones out sometimes?" Mizuki questioned. "How lifeless she looks? She looks so focused- as if she's calculating everything in her field of vision. It's not normal, right?"

Shun paused, his eyes narrowing in thought as he recalled that look. Indeed, his niece did seem a little weird to him before they left the airport. He gave her a passing glance but noticed that she was… looking at something. It's not simply staring off into space- she looked like she was reading something.

What was that look? What was she looking at? She tried being subtle about it, but it was noticeable. It looked weird and he wrote it off as her still being tired or sleepy from the flight, but thinking about it now…

It was unnatural.

"What caused that?" He got straight to the point. "Was it the magic?"

"I don't know." She sighed in frustration. "I tried to do everything in my power, but... nothing. I didn't find anything at all."

"I see…" He nodded. "If that's the case then I think we should help her."

Mizuki tilted her head, "How?"

"Teach her magic." He said, making her freeze. "Teach her how to use weapons, how to fight-"

"NO!" Mizuki cut him off with an angry yell. "We will NOT teach her anything of the sort! I don't want her having anything to do with the supernatural, Shun. I won't disregard Tatsu's wishes like that."

"Mizuki-san, I'm afraid we don't have a choice anymore." He replied calmly. "We both know she'll get involved with or without our help."

Mizuki bit her lip, her arms shaking. She knew he was right, as much as she hated to admit it. Shun understood her feelings clearly, but staying stubborn about this could only result in tragedy for them. Akane needed to understand her magic, she needs to grow strong. Strong enough to hold her own and not get trampled by the forces of the supernatural.

He didn't want her to get in contact with them any more than she did, but what uncle would he be if he left his niece to the wolves without offering a guiding hand? He knew Tatsu would understand. Buried under all those scowls and threats, the man was one of the most reasonable people he'd known.

"I know Tatsu-san didn't want her to get involved, but that's not possible now." He soothed. "So, we'll do the next best thing."

"... And that is?" She asked, but they both know the answer to that.

"Help her get ready." He said. "On her own, she was able to master her magic to that degree in such a short amount of time, but with our help, well, she might even surpass the old you."

She didn't answer, a grimace plastered over her face, as if she was still unconvinced.

"If Akane-chan can't lead a normal life, then we'll make sure she gets so strong that no one can get in her way." Shun continued. "That way, she can live the life she chooses, and no one will be able to threaten her."

"... Alright." Mizuki nodded. "Just… just give me some time to think about this, okay? S-she already knows I'm not 'normal'. I don't want her asking questions now- I'm not ready."

"What do you mean by that?" Shun blinked in confusion, internally relieved that Mizuki saw the bigger picture. "Akane-chan knows?"

"She found my secret armory." She said, making him still. "She even stole one of my guns."

"Ahh…" He grimaced. "That complicates things."

"Right?" Mizuki chuckled mirthlessly. "A cold-blooded murderer for a mother. What a joke."

"You're not like that anymore." He stated.

"Doesn't change the fact that I killed a lot of innocent people." She sighed in defeat. "But we've been down this road a hundred times already. Let's just drop it."

"Right…" Shun relented and dropped the subject, knowing nothing he could say will make her feel better. "By the way, I got a call from Saejima-san just now."

"Good or bad news?"

"... 'I don't know'-news." He admitted, scratching his cheek. "How does having his Kyodai here sound like?"

Mizuki froze, eyes wide in terror as she slowly turned to look at him. Shun flinched but understood her feelings clearly. Even he didn't expect this turn of events; he genuinely thought that Daigo was smarter than this.

"Eh?"

"Yeah, Daigo-san…"

Shun explained to her what Saejima told him, Mizuki's face paling further with each passing word.

Or maybe this was all part of some master plan he has. Regardless, such a nonsensical choice left the two reeling, and the blood vessel in Mizuki's forehead almost popping made it clear that she was not happy with that decision.

"Daigo did WHAT?!"



(Akane)

I gaze at the gates of Kuoh Academy, scanning the outside as I try to get a feel of it with my magic senses. I can feel subtle magical energies as if they're forming a wall or something around the school. Are those maybe barriers?

That would make sense. Obviously, the Satans wouldn't want any kind of surprise attack on their sisters' school. I'll be honest though, I don't feel exactly safe either; who knows what those barriers can do? I could have decreased stats inside them for all I know.

I don't know how barriers and wards work yet though, so I'll keep my judgment to myself for now. In all fairness, I wouldn't voice my concerns about this to any of the devils right now - I'd rather stay 'ignorant' for the time being. My mother already knows otherwise I'm pretty sure, but she's on my side in any case.

Play dumb and gather as much info as I can. It's a pretty basic plan.

... I'm still a bit nervous though. This is the place where almost the entirety of DxD takes place, which means I need to be ready, ready for mad Devils, Fallen, Angels, the Church, Dragons, and a million other things. I have the Gamer and my meta-knowledge, but any mistake here might get me killed.

"At least the Yakuza are at my back," I murmur. "I'll take solace in that…"

I go through the gate, immediately heading towards the main building. It didn't take long for my senses to pick up something- weird and… dark feeling? It feels strange. I don't know how to explain what dark energy feels like, it just feels that way. Is that what the mana of devils feel like? Or is it something else entirely?

It's not on campus though. It's further ahead, and it's staying in one place. What is that?

Well, whatever it is, I'm not getting close to it. It's creeping me out.

I shake my head at the sensation and enter the main building, looking around for a teacher or another student. I feel something a few floors above and head towards it. On my way up the stairs, I accidentally bump into someone, tripping them up.

The student yelps as she almost stumbles down the stairs, I but react quickly enough to stop their fall by grabbing their collar, my strength making it easy to hold her in place. She regains her balance and looks at me with a surprised look.

They have warm brown eyes, black hair styled in a small ponytail, and a cute yet very familiar face. She wore a half-zipped up white hoodie over a red shirt, short jeans with black tights underneath, and in her hands was the Kuoh uniform.

A new student I think. I feel like I've seen her before...

"Are you okay?" I ask, feigning concern. Good first impressions are important, even to background characters. "That could've been a pretty bad fall."

"A-ah, yes, thank you." She nods, bowing apologetically. "I'm sorry. I wasn't looking, I should've paid more attention."

"It's fine. I'm partly at fault anyway." I shrug, then change the subject. "Are you a new student here?"

"Yes, I just arrived today." She nods again.

"Right, can you tell me where you got that?" I point at the uniform. "I'm a new student too, and this place is pretty confusing."

"Oh, just above us. Go left after the stairs and you'll see the student council office on your right." The girl says.

"Thanks." I smile politely. "I'll see you tomorrow then."

"I hope so." She smiles back. "Thank you again for saving me."

I wave and head up the stairs, following the directions given to me by the girl. Thankfully, they made it obvious enough and put up a sign that says "Student Council Office". I'd rather not have to open every door in the hallway to find which room I need. I knock on the door, and sure enough, someone answers.

"Come in." A voice calls out from inside, prompting me to open the door.

I slide it open, spotting someone I'm fairly familiar with, but I was still stopped in place. Do you know how characters in anime usually look beautiful to an unbelievable degree? Flawless even?

Well, even with this world's over-the-top beauty levels, Sona is a notch above that. I wasn't expecting her to look like this, thinking that I've seen the best already. Turns out I'm wrong.

If I were a normal person, I'd chalk it up as being maybe makeup or something, but knowing that she's a devil…

Well, the person next to her, who is also a devil, looks almost as good. I forgot her name, but I know she's Sona's Queen. She has a Sacred Gear too, Mirror Alice I think? I don't know, it's a pretty decent Sacred Gear from what I remember.

... Now I feel sort of self-conscious when I'm around them. I know I'm beautiful, but the difference is vast. I need to up that Charisma stat or I won't be happy with how I look at this rate.

Damn Devils…

I was about to introduce myself and say why I'm here, but Sona beats me to the punch.

"Ah…" Sona adjusts her glasses. "Akane Amamiya-san yes? I presume you're here for the school's uniform?"

"Yes," I reply simply.

"Of course." Sona nods and glances at her assistant/friend/slave. "Tsubaki will take your measurements now, then we'll give you the uniform."

"Uh, here?" I ask in concern. "Isn't there a changing room we can go to first?"

"Rest assured, you don't need to take off your clothes." She says as Tsubaki gets closer. "Please don't move."

I listen to her but subtly cast Observe as I make sure I'm hiding my magic. I don't think they've noticed, and if they did, they didn't show it. I'm confident in my skill though.

Name: Sona Sitri

Title: Heiress of the Sitri Clan

HP – 80,000

MP – 100,000

SP – 60,000

Race – Pure-Blooded Devil

LVL - 145

STR - 461

END - 443

DEX - 501

INT -610

WIS - 582

CHA - 504

LUK - 301

Thoughts about you – Someone not to be provoked, will be far more lenient with you

Reputation - 0

Affection - 0

Obedience - 5

Loyalty - -100

Name: Tsubaki Shinra

Title: Vice President of Kuoh Academy

HP – 25,000

MP – 70,000

SP – 15,000

Race – Reincarnated Devil (Human)

LVL - 111

STR - 294

END - 311

DEX - 345

INT - 445

WIS - 420

CHA - 450

LUK - 207

Thoughts about you – Important figure, will treat you with respect and care

Reputation - 0

Affection - 0

Obedience - 5

Loyalty - -100

Wow, okay, way higher than what I have. I expected 300 as the max stat for Sona, not 600, damn. My highest stat isn't even at 500 yet, and my physical stats are a joke compared to hers. She could probably one-shot me if she wanted to.

I frown slightly.

Now I'm self-conscious in the power department too. Jeez...

Tsubaki steps closer, picking up a length of tailor's tape from the sofa. As she takes my measurements, I oblige her, slightly more uncomfortable to be in a room with two women who could annihilate me in half a second flat.

"Oh I'm sorry, I realized I haven't introduced myself yet." Sona clears her throat. "My name is Souna Shitori, a third-year student and the president of the student council. The one taking your measurements is Tsubaki Shinra, another third-year student, and the vice president. It's a pleasure to meet you, Amamiya-san."

"The pleasure's all mine," I respond as politely as I can.

"We hope you'll enjoy your stay here, as well as excel in your studies." She says almost robotically.

"I was the top student in my past school." I shrug. At least academically. Definitely not good at following the rules. "I'm sure I'll be fine."

"You'll find that Kuoh Academy is very little like your old school." Sona continues. "We expect the best of the best, and nothing short of that."

I resist a smirk, opting to smile politely instead. I wonder how in the hell Issei got in here if that was the case? Come on, you can't be telling me that that dumbass or his friends were smart enough to get into Kuoh. They were either aware of Issei's Boosted Gear, which I doubt, or she's bullshitting to get me scared and actually try.

"I appreciate the warning, but I'm good," I respond confidently. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't expect a difficult school year."

5 Reputation with Sona Sitri [5/100]

"Fair enough." She smiles. "I sincerely hope you perform exceptionally well starting tomorrow. I'm looking forward to seeing your progress."

Right, right, more nice words to get my guard down. The oldest trick in the book. I'm not dumb enough to fall for this, I'm definitely never going to lower my guard near devils. Only an idiot would do that.

Tsubaki moves away from me and nods to herself. "We have spare uniforms with your measurements. I'll get them right away. A few minutes please."

"Alright."

Tsubaki walks past me and out of the room, leaving me here alone with Sona. We wait in comfortable silence, and after a few minutes, Tsubaki returns with the uniform, handing it to me.

I grimace slightly at the skirt, because on top of me not liking skirts, this one looks terrible. Way too short...

Yeah, I'm not wearing that, especially with those dumb perverts in the same school.

"Any questions?" Tsubaki asks.

"Can I… not wear this?" I hold the skirt. "I prefer regular pants or shorts, and this one is too short for me."

"I'm afraid that's all we have." Tsubaki shakes her head. "We can't have you break the dress code. It might raise some issues."

I was about to insist, but Sona interjects. "Very well. If you're uncomfortable with it, we can't rightly force you to wear it."

Oh thank god.

"But-"

"Tsubaki, bring Amamiya-san a pair of pants." Sona cut her off with a glare. "And be quick about it."

The vice president nods and quickly leaves once more.

"I apologize. We're usually strict about the dress code, but we can't force anyone to wear anything they're uncomfortable with." The devil heiress shakes her head. "I hope you don't hold it against her."

Yeah, that's bullshit. She just doesn't want to get on my bad side.

"No, it's alright," I reply, hiding a smirk. "I can see where she's coming from."

I saw Sona panic for a split second there, treating me as if I'm glass. The lenient comment Observe showed wasn't kidding, it's hilarious. I don't know why Tsubaki didn't share the same mentality regarding me, but seeing these two panic was funny.

They might be far stronger than me – for now – but I might as well have them at gunpoint. I can literally start a war if I wanted.

Being in control, even if 'unknowingly', feels amazing.

Tsubaki returns and hands over the pants, making me smile. "Thanks, I appreciate it."

"Any time." She nods politely, sparing Sona a worried glance.

I turn back to the Sitri heiress. "Thank you for your hospitality. I'll see you tomorrow."

She nods with a smile, watching me leave the room. I got the uniform, scouted the devil's power levels, and half-tested how much I can push Sona. She's a stickler to the rules, so bending them for a stranger should be somewhat of an indication. I'll subtly keep pushing to see how much I can get out of her, while also farming reputation with her and Rias.

I wonder if I can get away with skipping classes?



"So how was the school?" My mother asks, brushing my hair.

"Huge," I answer simply. "Maybe twice as big as the one in Kiyoraha."

She hums in response. "Is that good or bad?"

"Depends." I shrug. "Good if I want to hide a body, bad because I'm probably going to get lost hiding said body."

My mother chuckles. "Always a violent answer from you~"

"I picked it up from someone." I snark. "Her name starts with M and ends with -izuki."

"Hey, I don't pick fights." She defends herself. "You do. You always do for some reason."

"Whatever." I scoff.

"None of that here, by the way." Mizuki keeps going. "We're in a new town, so keep your temper in check. Everyone knows the "One-Eyed Oni" in Kiyoraha, but not here."

I blush and scowl at the nickname. "You know I hate being called that."

"Then stop acting like an Oni and start being nice to people." She sighs. "I'm serious, Akane. You can go overboard sometimes, and I don't want you getting in trouble."

"You know I don't start any fight unprovoked," I reply. "I hit people who deserve it or to defend myself. I won't go around shaking people down just because I can."

"You broke someone's hand because he winked at you!"

"He caught me at a bad time." I shrug. "Also, he said something rude, so he falls under 'people who deserve it'."

"Okay, okay look. Can you at least stop going overboard?!" Mizuki groans in despair. . "I know money isn't a concern, but the hospital bills are too much!"

"...I'll try" I scratch my cheek with a sigh of resignation. "I'll hold back a bit from now on, happy?"

"Yes, very much." Mizuki nods in approval, putting the hairbrush away before hugging me from behind. "Hehe, you smell nice~"

I roll my eyes and open my stats, specifically the skill window for Mana Control and Ice Magic. The jump of requirements from Apprentice to Adept was pretty big, but from Adept to Journeyman is… yeah, simply grinding in the same five waves over and over will take a long damn time.

[Mana Control: Adept] – Mastery Skill

Spend 468,750 MP, deal 93,750 Magic Damage, and Evolve 1 Magic Skill to progress to next Rank. Progress to Journeyman Rank [5142/468,750] [7413/93,750] [0/1]

[Ice Magic Control: Adept] – Mastery Skill

Deal 187,500 Ice Damage and Create or Learn 4 Adept Level Ice Spells to progress to next Rank. Progress to Journeyman Rank [7234/187,500] [1/4]

Those are a lot of numbers, and I also have no idea what evolving a magic skill means. I guess I'll just have to experiment a lot more. Seeing that hiding and sneaking is gonna be a tad difficult in this place, I'll have to be more careful when I use the dungeon skill to grind.

I wonder what qualifies as an adept ice spell though…

I grin in excitement as ideas begin to form inside my head. I love coming up with new spells~



(Akiyama)

Bracing himself, Shun Akiyama walked straight into the dark and quiet warehouse, sighing deeply. Of course, he had to deal with this. Some might say that he's making a big deal out of nothing, and they would correct in a way… but Shun isn't exactly best friends with him.

Hell, Mizuki knows him better than Shun does, and while yes, he was considered a friend, it's best to keep him at arm's length. You just don't get comfortable with the Mad Dog unless your name is Taiga Saejima or Kazuma Kiryu.

Shun stopped, spotting the Patriarch of the strongest Tojo Family sitting on a pile of lumber, blankly staring back at him. The One-Eyed Hannya grinned widely, prompting a smile to bloom on Shun's face.

"Yo." Shun greeted. "Long time no see, eh?"

The Mad Dog of Shimano's smirk merely widened in response.

"Goro Majima-san."
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, TheAmnisiac, Mufarasu and 381 others
Mirlnir
Jul 13, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 5: School Day
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Aug 22, 2021
Add bookmark
#130
Spoiler: Editor's Notes

Taking one last gaze at myself in the mirror, I smile slightly. Yep, pants look so much better on me; those skirts that are part of the regular girls' uniform are way too damn short, and being aware of the perverts attending the school is the opposite of reassuring. As much as I hate to admit it, I don't want to get into any trouble here and make another edgy name for myself. Cracking open some pervert's skull isn't going to help me avoid doing that.

I turn and glance at my mother, still sprawled across her bed as she sleeps peacefully. It took her a while to properly drift off, I'm guessing due to some anxiety or fear over being around devils. I don't blame her really, I had my own difficulties getting rest as well. Thankfully Gamer's Body mitigates the need for sleep somewhat, so I'm able to operate off of five hours just as well as if I'd slept my full eight.

For the hundredth time; I love this power.

"Oi, I'm heading out now," I say to her, causing her to stir lightly from her sleep. "If you wanna come along, then you oughtta hurry and go get ready. The entrance ceremony will be starting soon."

"Mmmm sure…" She replies drowsily, turning over to the other side. "Shoot the stupid fuckin' goose on yer way..."

"The hell do you dream about, woman?" I sigh. "Whatever. If you're going to stay in then sleep well I guess."

I shut the bedroom door behind me and head downstairs, leaving through the front door, I walk up the street some ways before frowning slightly. Damn, I'm kind of hungry. I haven't eaten anything since last night and I woke up early to make sure I was properly ready.

I recall still having a days old burger meal in my inventory, from when I was scouting out the area looking for the stray back in Kiyoraha, I must have thought about it because I'm hungry. That said, I'm not sure whether it's gone rotten or not, if it has then I'd rather just throw useless crap out and not have it clutter my storage.

I pause and frown in thought. I've somewhat neglected to explore the limits of my inventory yet. Does the stuff I put in there stay in stasis, or does time pass in there too? It's been around a week since I've ordered that meal, so it should be fairly simple to tell which way it works just by looking at the food.

I glance around to make sure nobody is nearby, then I discreetly take the burger out, smiling as I can still feel the warmth from when I was eating it. So they stay in stasis. That's really good to know. Incredibly useful too, so I don't need to worry about throwing anything with an expiry date or anything potentially volatile in there.

With that, I finish my impromptu breakfast as I continue towards the devil-infested school, acting as naturally as possible to not attract any unwanted supernatural attention. Some students spot me, looking at me somewhat strangely, but I ignore them. It's clearly pretty unusual around here for one of the female students to wear the male uniform

I scan the crowd of students, my eyes darting between each and every last one as I machinegun cast Observe to grab information on each of them. It doesn't return anything out of the ordinary, most of the stats range from 7 to 13, all of them are human. I already know who the devils are, but it's best to check just in case. This isn't the same DxD I'm familiar with, I need to be careful.

No one notices me using Observe at all – I mean, my mother and uncle didn't notice me casting it either, I think, and they're ostensibly veterans. Sona hadn't noticed either, otherwise, it would likely have shown on her thoughts note, that or she'd retaliate in some way for me casting an unknown spell on her. No one seems suspicious of me yet, and I can hide my magic well enough for no one in the school to notice.

There's still the weird dark magic I felt. It's not devil magic, or at least, not fully. Sona's was… I don't know, not as uncomfortable as this feels. Hers was dark for sure, just not so terrible. What is that? I can sense that it's not on school grounds, it's a little farther ahead. It hasn't moved at all from where I felt it the last time I was here, so it stayed in exactly the same spot.

Whatever it is, I don't like it.

I still get weird looks and glances as I make my way through the grounds, though I don't concern myself with them. I don't want to start any trouble nor do I feel like it. Definitely won't start shit on my first day here.

"Oh, Akane-chan." My uncle calls out, waving at me. "You're here already. Where's your mother?"

"Sleeping." I shrug. "I'm surprised you're early. Thought you'd sleep in too."

"I wouldn't miss this for the world." He says, patting my head. "Come on now, we're gonna miss it if we don't hurry up."

"Yeah, yeah-"
"W-wait!" A panicked voice calls out. "Wait wait wait! Hold it right there!"

We both turn around to see my mother raggedly catching her breath, as though she'd ran the entire way here, which she probably did. As she recomposes herself she brings herself up to glare and point at me, if the look on her face is any indication, frustrated.

"H-how could you just abandon me at home?!" She accuses. "You knew I was looking forward to this!"

That's a fucking lie if I've ever heard one. She definitely was not looking forward to this.

"Well, you looked tired, and I couldn't find it in me to wake you up," I answer, then cross my arms. "And stop shouting. You're making a scene."

As she notices multiple students and their parents looking at her strangely, she clamps her mouth shut with her face turning glowing red, a growl leaving her throat as Akiyama attempts to calm her down.

"C'mon you two, can't we argue about this later?" He sighs. "Let's just go to the hall and sit down, alright?"

I smirk, prompting Mizuki to pout as the three of us head towards the hall.

The place was packed to the brim with students and parents, dozens upon dozens of different people, some with strangely colored hair which I found odd. Neither Akiyama nor Mizuki paid it any attention though as the two stare at the stage, an incredibly handsome man with long red hair and blue eyes on it ready to give a speech.

My eyes widen in recognition.

Is… that…

I gulp and cast Observe, stilling in shock at what it returns but succeeding in keeping myself calm.

Name: Sirzechs 'Lucifer' Gremory

Title: Prince of Destruction

HP - ???

MP - ???

SP - ???

Race: Pure-Blooded Devil

LVL - ???

STR - ???

END - ???

DEX - ???

INT - ???

WIS - ???

CHA - ???

LUK - ???

Thoughts about you – An important figure, should not be endangered

Reputation – 0

Affection – 0

Obedience – 0

Loyalty - -100

W-what the hell is he doing here?! I mean, I can understand Rias and Sona being here, but why is the leader of the new devils here?! What the fuck are the Yakuza and Yokai doing letting this guy in Japan?!

Okay no, stop. Don't panic, now really is not the time for it. He's here, I can't do anything about it. I don't understand politics all that much, so if he had the balls to show up like this then that probably means he's in the clear. I really doubt he'd start blasting everybody here just because he could.

I know I told myself that I need to stop panicking whenever I find someone leagues above me but I can't help it. I don't think anyone would be comfortable around someone who they know for a fact can erase them from existence with a thought.

I give my uncle a quick glance, there's a relaxed look on his face as the three of us sat down next to each other. He most likely is already aware of who Sirzechs is, and seeing the difference between their stats leads me to believe that the super-devil must be far stronger than Akiyama, but regardless he still looks so calm.

I frown. Why does he have to be so damn cool?

This time I look at my mother, and while she looks just as relaxed, I can tell that it's just a mask. I can see the anger boiling in her eyes and from how hard she's clenching her fist you'd think she would be able to squeeze blood from a stone. I'm no empath, but I can easily feel her rage. This is the first time in my life I've seen her look so angry.

What the fuck did the devils do to piss her off so badly?

As Sirzechs trots out what can only be best described as possibly one of the most long-winded and generic speeches for such an occasion, even with his immense power/danger level, I force myself to think about something else, as to stop worry from showing on my face. Coming about new ideas for spells should be interesting, maybe.

Now that I think about it, I still don't have anything I can cast that can pierce or destroy the paladin's armor.

The bombs and mines didn't work, they damaged it for sure, but they didn't do any real lasting damage. The armor absorbs soaks up far too much for them to really make a difference. I need something that can break or penetrate the armor first.

My bread and butter offensive spells right now, let's call them Assault Spells, are Ice Arrow and Ice Shortsword. Both deal decent damage, but they're not really heavy nor strong enough.

Seeing that I'm at adept level now, I guess the next stage would be to cast a spear? An axe? Maybe a mace, for blunt damage.

What about a bullet? That ought to be fast enough to pierce its armor. I also need more defensive spells, my HP pool is pathetic as it is. I already have ice skin, so the next stage is likely something along the lines of ice flesh, or maybe plain old ice armor. I might be able to keep up all three spells at the same time if I wanted to.

I could also try making offensive stationary spells, something similar to a turret. That way I can turn the dungeons into an actual tower defense mini-game.

As I was brainstorming new spell ideas, lost in my own mind, something pokes me in the side "Oi, Earth to Akane, can you hear me?"

"What is it now, Kaa-san?" I sigh.

"Speech's done." My uncle says, making me pause. "You gonna go to your class or what?"

"Eh?" I blink, looking at the rest of the students accompanying their seniors to classes. "I, uh, I didn't notice."

"You looked so deep in thought, it was so cute." My mother giggles, poking my cheek. "What were you thinking about? C'mon, tell me~"

"It was nothing," I respond, standing up from my chair. "Well, I've got school, so what are you two gonna do now?"

"Mizuki and I are going to go meet an old friend," Akiyama says, patting me on the shoulder. "Don't stir up any trouble now, alright?"

"What am I, twelve?" I scoff and play slap his hand away, making him smirk. "I won't."

"We're serious, Akane," Mizuki warns with a pout. "I know you like to start problems with other people, but rein yourself in this time."

"… Hahhh alright, I promise." I sigh. "I'll try to not get in any trouble. Happy?"

"As. a. clam." she sounds out, patting me on the head to punctuate each word. Mizuki nods, pulling my uncle away. "Good luck on your first day!"

"And good luck on your date, lovebirds." I fire back.

My mother's face scrunches in disgust at the thought. "Ew!"

"Hey, come on now. I'm literally standing next to you." Akiyama laughs. "Couldn't be anymore blunt could you?"

The two of them start bickering as someone taps me on the shoulder. I turn around to face two violet eyes behind the frame of a pair of glasses, prompting me to fake a tiny smile.

"Shitori-senpai." I nod. "It's nice to see you again."

"Likewise." She smiles, looking over my shoulder at Mizuki and Akiyama. "I assume those two would be your family?"

"My mother and uncle, yes," I confirm.

"I see." She adjusts her glasses. "Please, follow me. I'll lead you to your class."

I do as she says, still getting odd looks from the other students for wearing a male uniform instead of the, and I stress the quotes here, 'appropriate' female outfit. Both Sona and I completely ignore them though.

"So then." Sona starts. "What do you think about the school?"

"Well, as it's still my first day, I'm not sure yet," I reply truthfully with a shrug. "From what I'm seeing right now, I'd say it's been a positive impression so far. It's much bigger than my old school, that's for sure."

"Of course. Kuoh Academy is one of the most prestigious schools in the country, ranking in the top 3 for five consecutive years." She says. "You should be very proud of yourself for getting accepted. I think someone as bright as you can stand to learn a lot here."

Alright, I see what she's doing here, she's praising me a bit off the bat to try and get on my good side again. I can respect that you know, it's probably what I'd do as well, to be honest. Maybe, if I didn't know better, she might've actually gotten me with that approach. Though I really doubt it. I was fairly distrustful of people in general even before receiving the Gamer. I'm not blinded by praise so easily.

"Thanks, I appreciate it, Senpai," I respond, as an idea blossom. I resist the urge to let a mischievous grin creep up over my expression. "Though, there's a concerning rumor I heard a while back."

"A rumor?" Sona's brow quirk upwards in curiosity. "What about?"

"I heard that there's a trio of perverts causing all sorts of trouble," I say. "They'd peek at girls in the changing rooms and snap pictures. Is that true?"

I almost burst out laughing seeing Sona's expression shift so drastically. I've never seen someone so stone-faced before in my life, and the fact that Sona is usually incredibly stern most of the time makes it infinitely funnier.

I await an answer, doing my damnedest to not smile. Sona finally opens her mouth to speak, though her response isn't what I was expecting.

"I hope you enjoy your stay here in Kuoh."

She completely ignored my question!

I quickly look in another direction, my cheeks puffing up slightly as I do everything in my power not to laugh. I regain my composure as swiftly as I can and clear my throat, responding with a slight stutter.

"I-I hope so too."

We spend the rest of the walk to my class in silence, and, a few minutes later, we spot Tsubaki with another student, the same one I tripped when I went out to get my uniform, right behind the door of class A-2.

The two girls notice us and give, short, polite bows of greeting, prompting Sona to do the same. I merely respond with a nod, since I'm not used to being all prim and proper. I lived in a casual household and neighborhood almost my entire life; bowing was reserved for properly important people.

I've punched more people than I've bowed to, hell I've broken the bones of more people than I've bowed to. Thinking about it a little more, I should probably curb that habit if I want to be able to make powerful friends.

"This here is your class," Sona says. "Take any seat of your choosing. You're early, so the room will be empty for a few minutes more before the rest of the students arrive."

"Sure, thanks."

"If you need any help, you can find me in my class, B-3, or in the student council room." Sona offers. "Good luck."

Tsubaki and Sona then leave me and the other girl alone. I smile and nod as we meet each other's eyes, greeting her politely.

"Didn't expect that I'd see you again so soon," I say. "What are the odds, huh? Us being in the same class?"

"It's a happy coincidence for sure." She giggles. "Thank you again for catching me the other day. It would've been a pretty bad fall."

"Don't mention it." I wave it off, sliding the classroom door open. "I'm Akane Amamiya. What's your name?"

"Oh yes, we haven't even introduced ourselves. Sorry." She bows apologetically. Waaay too polite… "I'm Haruka Sawamura. It's nice to meet you."

I freeze up a bit in recognition of the name. Who wouldn't recognize it? She'd been on TV almost constantly two years ago, was, and still is, one of the most popular pop idols of her generation.

She'd risen above so many other rival singers when the odds were stacked against her, put on admittedly great concerts, and surged to the top spot of the idol chart in like, three months? That was some absolutely absurd popularity.

Hell, there were rumors of foul play against her in the industry, and if those are true then this girl literally went up against proper fucking corporate overlords with her tiny-ass company and won.

I still found it weird how she decided to quit. I'd seen her make a huge speech about how she couldn't have become such a success without her friends and gave other such generic thanks, but then turned around and revealed she was associated with a Yakuza legend and promptly self-destructed any chances she may have had to keep her momentum going into the big leagues.

Apparently, she's the daughter of the deceased Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan, Kazuma Kiryu.

I don't understand why outed herself like that. From my point of view, it was unnecessarily stupid of her to crash and burn her own singing career. She could've made stupid money while also doing a job she obviously loved.

The only thing I can maybe respect is her standing up for her ideals. It takes a lot of balls to even say half of the shit she did on live TV, on a show being broadcast to millions of people.

...And there's something odd here. She's a very popular girl, yet nobody recognized her?

Weird.

I quickly regain my composure and pretend to be oblivious. I don't want to make a scene.

"Nice to meet you too, Sawamura-san." I fake a smile.

"You can call me Haruka. I don't mind."

"Then you might as well call me Akane." I shrug. "It's only fair."

5 Reputation with Haruka Sawamura [5/100]

She smiles sweetly and nods gratefully. She's easy to please at least.

She may be stupid, but I at least respect her courage to actually stand up for herself. I know I wouldn't have made the decision she did. I definitely would've just taken the big bag of money and shut up.

Hey, at least I'm honest.

More students arrive and enter the classroom, again, many shooting me weird looks before taking their seats. This time I glare back at them, causing some to flinch and turn their eyes away, a smirk creeping over my face as I notice.

Wimps.

I take the seat at the far corner of the room, right beside the window since that's one I prefer to get each year anyway, and Haruka takes the one in just front of me. I frown in thought as I take a look at the books on the desk before me.

With a quick glance, I use Observe on Haruka, raising a brow at her stats. I wasn't expecting regular stats by any means, seeing as I know who her father was, but this is… decent. Better than me in some stats too, only not by a whole lot.

Name: Haruka Sawamura

Title: The Dragon Princess

HP – 3000

MP – 100

SP – 10,000

Race – Human

LVL - 44

STR - 132

END - 235

DEX - 160

INT -133

WIS - 161

CHA - 345

LUK - 121

Thoughts about you – Someone who has been very nice to them, they would love to be friends with you

Reputation - 5

Affection - 0

Obedience - 0

Loyalty - 0

Maybe this Kiryu guy didn't want her to get involved with the supernatural and then never really tried to train her properly as a result. That's dumb. In my view, it's always better to be aware and ready rather than ignorant and unprepared. My mother and uncle are both guilty of this too.

I would've preferred it if they taught me how to fight. My mother is an assassin, which leads me to believe she must have a bunch of weapon skills and probably plenty for hand-to-hand, and I'd never turn any of that down. Magic is amazing and all, but being overly dependent on it is idiotic. I'd rather have some versatility or backup skills I can lean on if magic just isn't cutting it at the very least.

Maybe I should confront her about it if that's the case. Her stats look incredibly low, but I'm ninety-nine percent sure her skill wouldn't have degraded like her stats seem to have. Maybe she can teach me how to use the 'Fuck You' Revolver while she's at it.

My gaze catches on something, or someone to be specific. Someone with unkempt brown hair, green eyes, and a very familiar face. I resist a grimace as Issei Hyoudou enters the classroom, followed by his two dumbass friends.

Our eyes lock and I offer a silent nod in greeting, to which he blinks in surprise before returning the gesture. Oh, great…

A glance at their stats told me that none had any relation to the supernatural. Regular stats, no notable titles - disgusting ones really, I don't even want to think about why the fuck bald dude is called 'lolicon' - and all-around normal humans. Hell, even Issei's title is Unlucky Pervert instead of Future Harem King or Red Dragon Emperor.

I know I said I'd try to get him on my side, but I'm really not looking forward to it. I'm going to need to get rid of the two morons attached to him as well. They're a bad influence, they'll probably end up as rapists in the future regardless.

I glance out of the window and smile slightly. Really, who would miss them? I'd be doing the school a favor.

Another student enters the classroom, one who catches my eye. He was pretty tall, had a lean muscular build, and his hair was styled in a messy afro. He looked mildly annoyed for some reason, but when he locked eyes with me, I froze.

My eyes widened as I immediately recognized who it was, and from his reaction, he had the same realization. His mouth came open agape like a fish out of water, as he freezes in place. I mutter his name quietly, still unsure on some level if it's really him.

"Ichi…?"

The huge grin on his face told me exactly what I wanted to know.

(Mizuki)
"So he's here, then?" She mumbled, looking over the impressively large cafe.

This… wasn't what she expected. Majima typically wasn't the type of person to use cafés as a meeting place; usually, it would be some place like the docks or an obscure park nobody knew about. This is probably Akiyama's doing, though.

Akiyama blinked. "You don't seem very enthusiastic. You two are friends, right?"

"Friend is a strong word, but in a… very complicated sense, yes." She nodded with a sigh. "It's best to not get too close to him. Literally and metaphorically."

"Heh, that's for sure." He agreed.

The two walk inside, scanning the interior as Mizuki instantly notices how heavily guarded it is. Every single 'customer' and even the employee are Majima family men, giving the two sharp glances before going back to their business.

Extremely cautious yet relaxed. Not many would notice that the entire building is filled with capable warriors, and said warriors are ready to pounce at any wrong or threatening movement. That's the Majima family for you, they're not the strongest for nothing.

He whips his boys into shape way more than actual military camps. Anyone serving under the Mad Dog needs to work, otherwise, they're kicked or killed. That was his motto. "If ya wanna work, welcome. If ya wanna rest, get the fuck out."

One waiter approached, bowing respectfully. "Amamiya-san, Akiyama-san, it's good to see you again. I assume you're here for Oyaji?"

"That's right." Mizuki nodded.

"Excellent. Please, follow me."

The two glanced at each other and did just that, going up the stairs.

"Sheesh, talk about a tense atmosphere," Akiyama muttered.

"It'll be fine." She sighed. "...I think."

Personally, Mizuki didn't feel quite nervous being in this place. As admittedly intimidating as Majima is, seeing how he's the most feared Yakuza due to his unpredictable nature, he's also… an idiot? Goofball? Yes, that.

He's not gonna go up and murder civilians because it's funny, nor is he gonna start a fight with anything unless Daigo considers it an enemy. He's mad, not stupid. The chances of him attacking the two are virtually zero.

After all, he hates one-sided fights. Mizuki isn't sure she could beat him even with Akiyama's help, even if she was in her prime.

Mizuki spotted the yakuza patriarch at the far corner, a lean-built man wearing his signature snakeskin jacket, black pants, and eyepatch with his right-hand man, Nishida, looking tired as usual. Majima had some sort of paper, looking intensely at it as he hummed, thoughtfully scratching his head.

Majima took a pen from the table, scribbling something with a satisfied grin. Nishida blinked, squinting his eyes with a confused look.

"What's… that supposed to make?"

"Eh?" Majima grunted. "You blind? Says right here. 'Start'"

"That's- that's not how you spell 'Start'." Nishida said, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "Why is there a 'U' in there?"

"haah?" The Mad Dog frowned. "How the fuck is it s'posed to be spelled then? It's S-U-T-A-R-T-O, dumbass."

"No, that's wrong." His right-hand man sighed. "There's no 'U' or 'O' for that matter. Those are Japanese syllables, Oyaji, not English."

Majima blinked and looked at what Mizuki now assumes is a crossword puzzle, scratching his head in confusion. "The fuck kind of retarded-ass language is this?"

Mizuki barely managed to stifle a snort. Part of her previous profession is being able to speak fluent English, so she knows exactly just how true that statement is.

"Most spoken language in the world apparently." Akiyama quipped, getting their attention.

Majima grinned widely as soon as he saw Mizuki. "Heh, yer finally here, Mizuki-chan."

"It's been a while, Majima-san." She smiled. "You too, Nishida."

Nishida smiled back and nodded before getting bonked in the head by his patriarch. "Fuck are ya still doing here? Get the guests some drinks, numbnuts!"

"S-sorry! Right on it!"

Mizuki and Akiyama looked at the rushing Nishida before taking the seats opposite of the Mad Dog, who threw the crossword puzzle away.

"Do you really have to treat him like that?" Akiyama asked, rubbing his neck. "Isn't he the captain?"

"Ya baby yer men and they turn out weak." He replied simply with a shrug. "Tojo can't be weak with those bat fuckers runnin' around."

"You can say that twice," Mizuki muttered.

"Fair enough." Akiyama shrugged. "I'm no yakuza, I shouldn't be talking.

"But you don't gotta worry 'bout this shit." He waved it off, leaning on his chair. "Ya here for questions, yeah?"

Mizuki nodded, her gaze sharpening. "I think you already know what I want to ask."

Majima didn't say anything, waiting for her to continue.

"What the hell is Daigo thinking?" She growled out. "I can understand him advocating for peace and trying to build positive relationships with other factions, but what he's doing right now?"

"He's letting the devils push it a little too much," Akiyama added with a nod. "Don't get me wrong, I get what he's doing this for, but he's making the humans look weak. He's giving them too much leeway."

"The filth might get ideas and start trouble." Mizuki huffed, crossing her arms. "We even saw Sirzechs in the school today. I brought Akane here because I trust his judgment, but I'll pull her out of Kuoh if this shit keeps going this way."

"...So that's what it looks like on the outside?" Majima stated. "Well, I get it. I would've thought the same, but the chairman has a reason for this."

They waited for him to elaborate.

"Basically, the chairman is makin' Sirzechs rack up debts." He continued. "More and more till he drowns in 'em."

Mizuki frowned in confusion. "He's doing all this to have Sirzechs indebted to him?"

"That seems… plausible actually," Akiyama noted. "Treat them nicely so the official peace treaty goes without a hitch, right? But still, they're being treated too nicely. Inviting Sirzechs himself to Kuoh?"

"That was a message," Majima explained. "News gonna spread that Lucifer Satan himself was in Kuoh, and the Yakuza didn't do nothin' about it. How do you think other factions will react?"

"...That the devils are close with the Tojo?" Mizuki offered.

"Hit it right on the head." The Mad Dog grinned. "And it all leads to one point."

The two leaned forward.

"A few months from now, there's gonna be an official peace treaty between the three biblical factions and the Yakuza here in Kuoh." He revealed. "Each faction has at least one request for the other, and chairman Daigo's request for the devils is to forbid them from usin' the Evil Pieces on humans."

Mizuki froze, not believing what she heard. Even Akiyama was the same, eyes wide and jaw dropped. Neither of them expected this from the sixth chairman, a bold move that could spark a war with the devils. Mizuki always took him as a very cautious individual that never took any risks.

To think he'd been preparing for years for just this one moment was unbelievable. The whole evil system has been a problem for a while, with devils kidnapping humans and forcefully reincarnating them under the excuse of 'repopulating devilkind' being the worst offender.

Sure, she's not stubborn enough to ignore the good that it did, but those were a rarity. Kind devils resurrecting humans out of sympathy were rarer than unicorns, and those things are extinct.

Still, Daigo requesting such a thing means he thinks that it has a big chance of working, but it's absurd. Sirzechs would have to give up on one of the new devil's strongest assets just to please the Tojo?

Mizuki held her chin with a thoughtful frown.

"I'm sorry, can you say that again?" Her best friend said. "Daigo wants the illegalization of the Evil Pieces system? In what universe would that fly by?"

"On humans. Banning it for every other race is pushing it." Majima shrugged. "And Sirzechs can't exactly refuse."

"Why?"

"Because it'll make him look horrible," Mizuki said, realization dawning on her. "Think about it; it's in the treaty with all three biblical factions, who by then, would think that Sirzechs is close with Daigo. Not to mention that Sirzechs already owes Daigo a lot."

"That's… true." Akiyama understood, nodding. "Even then, requesting something like that is just too much. What makes you think that Sirzechs will say yes?"

"Because if he refuses, he risks the entire treaty going south." Majima pointed out. "The chairman will stop actin' nice, and the other two factions have their own grudges. prolly even side with us. If that happens, devils won't stand a damned chance."

"Yes, but that doesn't make sense. That's not the Daigo I know." Mizuki frowned. "Why would Sirzechs even entertain the idea? Sure, if he refuses, then another great war might break out, but it's almost equally as bad if he accepts. The devils will riot, they'll absolutely refuse to go along with it."

Majima grinned widely, as if that was exactly what he implied.

Akiyama's eyes widened as he realized what this meant. "You mean to tell me that Daigo did all of this… to weaken the devils?"

Mizuki blinked and looked at him in confusion. "Eh?"

"Regardless of what Sirzechs says, he's weakening the devils." He continued. "If he refuses, he risks a great war that'll most definitely end with the extinction of the devils, and if he accepts, then just like you said, a civil war might break out. Infighting isn't something they can afford right now."

Mizuki almost couldn't believe what she was hearing. She knew Daigo for years, and he took a lot after his mentor, Kiryu. He hated bloodshed, almost always offering a peace treaty to every faction he could. Hell, he even earned a reputation as the biggest advocate of peace in the world.

This idea will cost many lives, most on the devil's side. A lot of devils are pompous and arrogant enough to ignore the bigger picture and join the old satans, who are waiting for the perfect chance to strike, starting another civil war.

"Don't tell me he's also doing this to lure out Rizevim?" Mizuki mumbled.


And devils will not be able to survive another one so soon. Their numbers are even less than half a million.

"That's the main idea." The Mad Dog grinned. "Either way, the old bastards are gonna have to show their faces, and you know what they did."

Mizuki clenched her fists angrily.

She'd do anything to rip that shitstain a new one, even if she dies for it.

It still surprised her to hear all of this. What the hell happened to Daigo all these years? True, all of it ends in the devils being utterly defenseless, and she's not complaining, but how and why did he change so much?

"He doesn't show it much, but the chairman is fuckin' pissed," Majima said, as if he read her mind. "How many humans got kidnapped and enslaved ya think? Taken from their homes, livin' ta serve some bat prick cuz of a Sacred Gear or some other bull?"

She doesn't know the exact answer, but if she had to guess, tens of thousands at least.

"Daigo doesn't hate devils like ya do, Mizuki-chan." The Mad Dog continued. "But he's sick and tired of them walkin' all over humans for centuries. They're the worst threat ta humanity seein' how they treat us as inferiors and toys, 'specially the old fucks."

Mizuki sighed and leaned back, but couldn't help the smirk from creeping up on her face. She knew Daigo saw it her way; those filths are a threat to everyone. Irredeemable pieces of shit that should've gone extinct since the first great war. Though, she didn't expect such retaliation in all honesty.

Now the devils' sins will be their undoing. They really thought the system of the evil pieces was gonna fly by and they won't do anything about it? Mizuki couldn't believe she almost gave Sirzechs a chance once upon a time.

"Of course, knowin' the chairman, this ain't exactly his plan." Majima shrugged with a grin. "He only approved and tweaked it a bit. All this is Mine's idea."

"Of course it was Mine's…" Mizuki chuckled.

"So damned if you do, damned if you don't, then," Akiyama noted, chuckling slightly. "And he's gonna have to take the lesser evil here."

"But this doesn't explain one thing." Mizuki narrowed her eyes, leaning forward. "Why insist on my daughter attending Kuoh Academy? Don't get me wrong, what Daigo's doing is genius now that I have context, but that doesn't explain why Akane needs to be involved in this shitshow."

Majima was about to answer, but her friend beat him to it.

"If Akane manages to befriend the heiresses, then it reinforces the idea that the Tojo is friends with the devils… right?" He looked at the Mad Dog for confirmation. "After all, she doesn't share the hatred Mizuki-chan has for the devils. She's gonna have an easy time getting along with them."

She froze.

"What he said." Majima shrugged, pointing at Akiyama.

Alright, she takes it back. Daigo needed an ass-whooping soon.

"...So what you're saying is that my daughter is a tool you can use?" Mizuki sneered. "I told Daigo that I don't want Akane to be involved in the supernatural, and he fucking dares to trick me for an idea that might not even work?"

"Mizuki-chan, calm down." Akiyama tried to soothe her. "If it works-"

"If, a huge fucking if." She growled, whipping her head at him. "And we both know Akane; the girl is more likely to punch God in the fucking face before making friends with them. You think she's gonna be nice to some bratty devil kids?"

"It's happenin' whether you like it or not." Majima quipped bluntly, making her scowl.

"What was that?"

"Ya think ya can hide it?" His grin dropped as he stared at her seriously. "Ya really think Akane-chan wouldn't get involved regardless of what ya think?"

She didn't respond, opting to flinch and look away as she already knew the answer.

"I get ya, Mizuki-chan. Yer tryin' ta honor yer husband's last wish." He continued. "But at this point, ya gotta think about yer daughter too. She gotta be prepared whenever shit hits the fan. Ya got the knowledge and skill needed ta help her get stronger."

Mizuki already got this talk, uncomfortable as it may be, but what can she say? She knows he's right – while she'd like to keep Akane completely out of it, she knows that it's not an option anymore.

...Maybe this is Daigo's message to her as well. To stop babying her daughter and teach her how to defend herself before it's too late.

And maybe she should listen.

"I-I understand." She sighed. "I'll… talk to her when she comes home today."

Akiyama smiled at her and nodded, approving of her choice. "Thank you for explaining everything, Majima-san. We owe you one."

"Don't worry about it~" His easy grin returned as he leaned back on his chair, then locked eyes with Mizuki. "So?"

She blinked. "Eh?"

"When can I meet Akane-chan?"

"No." She deadpanned. "Never. Not gonna happen. You stay out of her life."

"Aw, don't be like that."

"You're a terrible influence." Mizuki crossed her arms. "I can handle her breaking a thug's arm or leg, but I don't think I can last long if I hear her laughing maniacally while doing it."

"But that's the best part~"

Akiyama laughed, the previous tense tone dispersing as a more light-hearted one took over. Even then, Mizuki couldn't help but be very nervous. She made up her mind; she's gonna tell her daughter about the supernatural, but she's still not looking forward to it, because the moment she does, there will be no going back.

She's not sure if she should include her previous… job, but Akane probably has questions about the gun. Mizuki doesn't want to lie, though, she might have to.

Mizuki resisted a sigh.

She really is a horrible mother.

(Ichiban)

Let it be known that Ichiban Kasuga has never been a good student.

He went to elementary school and attended one year of junior high school with whatever money his adoptive father managed to save, but he would always get in fights. Kids were brutal, he knew that much when he heard them mocking him for living in a brothel or his upbringings, but he never took shit from anyone, not even the teachers.

He won't take insults lying down. Talk shit, get hit.

So he had to drop out, and when he was told that he needed to be 20 years old to join the Yakuza, Ichiban felt pretty down about it. It's been his dream to join the Arakawa Family and serve under the patriarch, ever since he was saved by him two years ago.

Even then, he was still treated well by him. Whether it's a nice dinner or simply hanging out, Masumi Arakawa always answered his whims with a smile. Ichiban was a little shit, a street rat, a worthless human scum that hated the world. He had zero redeeming qualities, but he was saved regardless.

Ichiban swore that he'd do everything in his power to pay back his future patriarch, even if it costs him his life.

His soon-to-be patriarch told him to spend two years in highschool and one year in university, to experience how regular civvies live for once. Ichiban wasn't quite sure about the idea, but then he relented. Who knows, he might learn a thing or two here.

Arakawa was strangely adamant on this school specifically, though. Kuoh Academy was pretty damn prestigious, and Ichiban was… well, a dumbass. He has enough self-awareness for that at least. Sure, Captain Sawashiro and Patriarch Arakawa taught him a lot, but those lessons were more about life itself, or harsh training. Nothing like complex math or history.

He's still not sure how he got accepted. Probably Arakawa's doing. Another debt he needed to pay off.

But before that, before being indebted to a Yakuza, Ichiban met a girl that he'd come to call his very first friend. They started off on the wrong foot, with him pissing her off accidentally, but it didn't take long for them to get along.

She was fierce, never afraid to hit people whenever they angered her, and she lacked restraint, sending a few people to the hospital when fights broke out. He's never met a girl like her in his life, someone so damn stubborn and headstrong that it left him in awe.

He admired her if he was being honest.

So seeing her in the same school as he was shocking. His first and best friend that disappeared for a few years since the last time he saw her was in the same class as him. What are the odds? He knew he was lucky, but this is insane.

Of course, she looked very different. Instead of the small ponytail she had, her hair was long, reaching her waist, but still in that emo haircut. Her features and assets were more mature, and overall she looked prettier. He's not shy enough to admit it; his friend looked more beautiful than ever.

He was not surprised to see her wearing the male uniform. He knew enough about her to know that she detested skirts.

"Heh." He chuckled as he sat next to her, Akane looking like she was still processing. "What are the odds, eh, Akane? Haven't seen you in years. Almost didn't recognize ya!"

"And I'd recognize your ugly mug anywhere, Ichi." She smirked. "Never thought I'd see your dumbass in school of all places. Got a change of her heart and decided to get a real job?"

"Hah! As if!" He mirrored her look, a smirk creeping on his face. "I'll have you know, I finally know what I want to do in life."

"Oh really? Congrats, then." She leaned back on her chair. "But whatever it is, I doubt you'll do much with that disaster of a hairstyle. Nobody wants a walking bird nest around."

"Tsk, don't remind me." He scowled, still sore from how much the barber fucked up his hair. "And you decided to grow it? Thought long hair 'got in the way'. What happened?"

"Younger me had no idea. I look irresistible like this." She brushed the part obscuring her left eye back, winking at him as if she's proving a point. "Don't you think so too?"

Well, yes, she's doing a very good job at convincing him, but he's not gonna say that.

As he is about to respond, what he assumed to be the homeroom teacher entered the classroom. Instead, he opted to smile slightly as he stated what he really felt.

"Good to see you again, Akane." He muttered loud enough for her to hear. "Maybe school won't be so terrible with you around."

"Don't get all sentimental on me, Ichi." She responded with a whisper. "...But I feel the same. At least I have a friend here. I'm terrible at making new ones."

That's a fact if he ever heard one. Being sucker-punched in the face to becoming best friends in the span of a week is one hell of memory he'll never forget. Not like he's any better - he made his very first friend at fourteen for god's sake.

He wasn't confident about making new friends if he's being honest. Arakawa's son, Masato was enough as a friend, before knowing Akane was in the same school, but seeing that Masato left Japan to study abroad in the US a few weeks ago, it's been pretty lonely.

So seeing a familiar face here helped put him at ease, and someone that was like him to boot. He felt pretty satisfied with two friends, but Ichiban was open about making new ones. The problem is he doesn't know how to make friends.

The class went… not unlike what he expected. He spotted a couple of students chuckle and giggle at him as he introduced himself, which made him frown. Damned hair making him look like a moron.

When his friend introduced herself, he raised a brow as he saw three students at the other corner of the class leering and giggling lewdly. What's their problem? What're they laughing about? The uniform?

Well, a bunch of classmates looked at her strangely, but he knew she never gave a fuck about how other people might think of her. The lewd leers of those three might annoy her, though. She hates perverts almost as much as skirts. Many run-ins with them made her first reflex upon seeing them is to bust their balls with a kick.

He snorted when Akane glared in their direction for a split-second, making all three flinch.

After the introductions were over, the class went as normal.

It was pretty difficult for Ichiban to keep up and understand most of the things said - he never finished junior high after all - but he tried his best. Sure, he doesn't like it, but he really wants to make Arakawa proud, and also prove the jackass Sawashiro wrong. He may be a dumbass, but he's not an idiot.

A glance at his friend told him that she had no problems keeping up, writing stuff on her notes with a bored look, making him grimace. He knew she was smart, but he thought she was like him, not interested in this stuff.

Well, she did attend and finish junior high, so maybe that's the difference between them.

Even then, he kept his attention, his spite to prove the family captain wrong fueling him to learn as much as possible. He's sure he won't be the top student, but he's gonna try to make it at least to the top 20. Ranking in a school like this is considered amazing.

So after four classes, each taking 50 minutes, Ichiban felt his brain was about to melt. He slammed his head on the desk, groaning just as the teacher left. Finally, lunch break, just as he started getting hungry.

"Too much for your pea-sized brain to handle?" Akane snarked, smirking at him. "Should've expected as much."

"Shove it." He shot back.

"Heh." That only amused her more. "By the way, you should hurry up and get some stuff to eat, or you won't be having anything for lunch."

"Huh?" He blinked, then realized what she meant. Ichiban stood up quickly, almost running towards the exit before stopping. "Shit, you want anything?"

"I'm good." She shrugged. "Not hungry."

He nodded and rushed to get his food, hoping nobody took the good stuff.

He saw the damned turkey sandwich on his way to class, and he's honest-to-god going to cry if there aren't any left for him.



(Akane)

Never have I expected Ichiban-fucking-Kasuga in Kuoh Academy of all places. How in the goddamn hell did this dumbass get a place here anyway? Look, I don't really hate the guy, I'd even go as far as to say I like him - never emotionally invested though - but he's dumb.

...Eh, well, less dumb and more uneducated. I used to hang out with him a lot when I was visiting Kamurocho for a few weeks ages ago. Dumbass bumped into me and spilled my food all over the ground, and I was already pissed at the time, so I instantly started a fight with him.

Fucker was a lot stronger than the average punk too. He didn't want to fight at first, but immediately changed his mind when I punched him in the face. He wasn't afraid to throw hands with a girl, so I'll give him that.

And through a series of convenient events, we became friends.

Even still, I have no idea how he got here. Again, he was a punk with no money - he lived in a fucking brothel for god's sake.

At least I have someone I can… kinda consider a friend. Again, no feelings towards him at all. He's like my mother and uncle; I like him, but won't really shed a tear if he dies or whatever.

And I guess I can finally understand why this bastard was strong.

Name: Ichiban Kasuga

Title: The Carp of Arakawa

HP – 9500

MP – 50

SP – 12,000

Race – Human

LVL - 56

STR - 561

END - 341

DEX - 274

INT - 94

WIS - 81

CHA - 220

LUK - 150

Thoughts about you – Best Friend, is very happy to see you again

Reputation - 50

Affection - 0

Obedience - 10

Loyalty - 30

Way above average. He's gotta know about the supernatural, but how? And Arakawa is a very familiar name… Where have I heard of it before?

Ughh, how many things are gonna appear and screw with my metaknowledge? What's the point if everything is so damn different? It'd be OK if Ichi was a regular human, but he's very obviously aware of the supernatural somehow. It has something to do with Arakawa, I'm sure of that.

I shake my head with a sigh. Well, if anything, I know he likes me. At least I have this going for me.

I narrow my eyes as I quicken my pace, sensing someone following me. I go through crowds of students, trying to lose the devil after me, or at least have a few seconds where I can use ID Create.

Lunch Breaks last for 40 minutes, plenty of time to make new spells and possibly even progress through the dungeon some more. I already made sure that the devils can't sense my mana when I'm hiding it, so even if I increase my power, I won't be drawing attention to myself.

I knew increasing my Mana Control Rank as much as I could before getting here was a great idea.

I manage to lose this devil, or well, not fully. The crowds and crowds of other students in the small hallways slowed them down enough for me to use ID Create. A ruined version of the school replaced the pristine and clean one I was in, making me smirk.

Good, now I can start training.

I frown. Then again, the school is filled with closed spaces like hallways and classrooms. I need to take it to the schoolyard, I'll have space there to build a small base. I haven't started the waves yet, so nothing should attack me.

I do just that, rushing to the yard then quickly making a base, same as the one I always make, two layers of walls surrounding a tower I can shoot from.

Already have ideas for a couple of spells I want to try out. A spear, a bullet, and maybe a turret. A weak one is fine, because then it'll prove that I can actually make that stuff. Hell, maybe I can make Ice Golems that I can control remotely.

Making the spear was significantly easier than I thought. I imagined the arrow, but reshaped it slightly and made it bigger. Bullets were even easier, but I had to use more magic to make them fly faster.

[Cryomancy: Ice Spear] - Spell

A basic, yet fairly decent spell used by almost every Cryomancer out there. A sharp, strong spear, reliable in taking down many different kinds of foes. Incredibly deadly when used by a very skilled Cryomancer.

Deals 100 + INTx2.5 Ice Damage

Costs 250 MP

[Cryomancy: Ice Bullet] - Spell

An advanced spell; shaped as a tiny sphere that flies faster than most other Cryomancy spells. Used by experienced mages to take down heavily armored foes, as it penetrates most strong armor with relative ease.

Deals 250 + INT x 3.3 Ice Damage

Costs 400 MP

This is exactly what I needed. Hell, even the description says as much. It costs a fair bit, though. I can cast approximately 12 bullets at once before running out of magic, and last that happened, it wasn't fun. Colors were saturated- everything looked black and white, and it was difficult to focus.

Really don't like running out of magic. Feels uncomfortable.

However, a single bullet deals 1834 damage, and the Paladin had 5800 HP. Four bullets should be enough to end it easily, and I'll still have 3200 MP to spare. It's the perfect spell for that mob.

I'll still try to make a turret though. Can't be a Tower Defense without the defense part.

I clench my fists and take a deep breath, my eyes narrowing in focus as I try to shape the thing I want. A small construct that can shoot arrows or spikes at least. It was challenging to actually keep my attention on the thing because it drains a lot of MP, but I did it.

I grin in satisfaction, my MP going below a thousand as I look at my new creation. It was pretty small, and its stats were horrible, but that just means that I can make stuff like this. Maybe in a few weeks, I'll make one that can shoot explosive ice missiles. Baby steps.

[Cryomancy: Arrow Repeater] - Spell

The weakest spell of an advanced branch of Cryomancy that's all about creating defensive constructs. A small repeater that shoots one Ice Arrow every three seconds. Easily crushed and doesn't last long.

Shoots an Ice Arrow every 3 seconds that deals 20 + INTx1.3 Ice Damage

Can suffer up to 500 Damage before breaking. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double damage from Fire.

Costs 4000 MP

It sucks ass, but this is all I can do at the moment.

I start the first wave, watching as the repeater does the bare minimum. It's pathetic, but hey, it's progress.

I prepare the traps then finish up the waves until the Paladin one, casting Ice Skin before quickly dismantling the archers, soldiers and knights. Once my MP regens to full, I aim a finger in a gun gesture, casting the Ice Bullet from the tip of my Index.

"Pew."

The bullet flew faster than I can see, easily going through the Paladin's armor as it staggered. My eyebrows shoot up in surprise, then a smirk creeps up on my face. I don't even give it a chance to retaliate, utterly annihilating it with bullets and finishing the wave.

Finally, now I can go to the next rank without any problems.

And I do just that. I have around fifteen minutes before the next class starts, so I should be able to handle at least one wave.

Wave start

Defeat 25 Zombie Archers, 30 Zombie Soldiers, 10 Zombie Knights, and 15 Zombie Rogues [0/80]

Rewards: 5 Uncommon Gacha Tokens, 2 Standard Stat Crystals, 75 Credits

Easy. So damn easy.

It barely even took five minutes to get rid of them all. I was just throwing bombs here and there, sniping the rogues since they're kinda fast, and watching the cute little repeater doing its best. I deal a ton of damage that I practically one shot everything, the archer never even had a chance to draw their bows.

Level up x4

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventor

Perks gained

Secondary Class unlocked

Proceed to the next wave?

Eh? Secondary Class? I can have two classes at once?

Indeed, but you'll be limited. You'll only be given two different classes to choose from every time you finish one. The Secondary Class will also be twice as hard to level up, and will give half as many stats.

Unlike your Primary Class, Secondary Class level ups will not add to your overall personal level
​
Huh… Well, I'll take one over nothing. More stats means more power, even if halved it's still a huge boost. After all, I have my double stat increase. Leveling up two classes at once is gonna make me OP.

So what're the choices?

Choose wisely.

[Engineer] or [Swordswoman]
​
Hm… I do want to know how to fight with a sword. There are so many different kinds of swords in this verse, so it's practically the best weapon to use. Realistically, a spear is superior, but the only notable spear that I remember is the True Longinus, and I don't think I'm getting my hands on that any time soon.

There are so many swords though, like Excalibur or Durandal. Hell, my mother's armory had a lot of weird swords too.

As for Engineer… Well, I'm not really interested, or at least, not as much as learning how to use sharp sticks. I'm guessing it gives INT or WIS as stat increase too, and I already have my Cryomancy class for that.

I guess the choice is obvious, then.

I was about to press on Swordswoman, but I paused, frowning in thought. If I take Swordswoman now, that means the stat increase will be halved, right? I'm guessing it increases STR, DEX or END. At least one of them, at most all three. In all honesty, I desperately need physical stats, especially DEX and END. Speed and reflexes are important if I want to dodge stuff, and END is great for not getting one-shot.

I already have a lot of INT and WIS anyway, and even then, Engineer will increase them some more. I should probably leave Swordswoman as my next primary class instead of a secondary one.

Yup, I think this makes sense.

Class gained

[Engineer] LVL 1/100 [0%]

Gain 3 INT and 2 WIS every level

Mastery Skill gained

[Engineering Knowledge: Novice]

Knowledge of machines has been an important pillar of many different species across infinite universes, capable of building weapons of mass destruction to defying the gods and inventing true immortality. From a mere steam engine to a blackhole generator, this skill's true potential is boundless.

You barely even know how to hold your wrench the right way. Most machineries are far beyond your knowledge.

Create 10 machines to progress to the next Rank. Progress to Apprentice Rank [0/10]

...I didn't think the skill would sound that cool. Immortality? Blackhole generator? Count me in. I'm making both of those things and nobody will stop me. I can maybe make an army of robots, mechas, or even a suit like ironman.

I think I made the right decision here.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 52

Title - None

Primary Class - Cryomancer - LVL 52/100 [22%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 0/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 1100 [110 per minute]

MP - 5200 [3120 per minute]

SP - 1100 [110 per minute]

STR - 120

END - 110

DEX - 100

INT - 520

WIS - 520

CHA - 170

LUK – 50

[Mana Overcharge] - Perk - 500 INT

When your spells don't seem to do much, then why not add a little more oomph into them? You can now overcharge your spells with more magic to deal more damage or increase their destructive capabilities.

Adding 10% more of the total spell cost will increase its power by 13%

[Magic Zone] - Perk - 500 WIS

You've refined your focus so much that you don't even need to use your hands to cast anymore, thus creating a 'Magic Zone' where you can cast spells in. Refining your focus will increase the size of your zone.

Magic Zone size is 1x1 meters, and will increase by the same amount every 100 WIS, but casting using the zone will make spells cost 5% more MP

Yes, finally! I got the perk I wanted!

Now I can act like a badass while casting. Extra cost is no issue, seeing how much my spells cost anyway.

Now that I'm actually done with the whole Paladin issue, and seeing that I only have like, five minutes before class starts, I gotta get back. I made sure to re-materialize inside the storage room outside so nobody can see me. Nobody goes there this time of day anyway.

Hopefully nobody noticed anything weird with my disappearance.



(Issei)

After suffering through five long and boring classes, the best class is finally taking place.

Physical Education.

Now, while Issei isn't exactly the pinnacle of masculinity sporting a six-pack and making women squeal every time he walks past them - he hoped that this was the case - he thinks he's pretty capable. Not the best at sport, but not the worst. Pretty average all things considered.

He even enjoyed doing some sports, this class was at least fun. But this is why he likes PE so much, no. It was another reason entirely unrelated to actually doing sports, and his two friends shared his mindset.

"So many new hotties this year~" Matsuda whistled, checking out the girls in their gym uniforms with a dopey grin. "We're in heaven, boys!"

"Agreed." Motohama adjusted his glasses with a smirk. "And most of them have top-tier sizes. We've hit the jackpot by getting here~"

Issei shared their thoughts as he leered at the many beautiful girls of Kuoh Academy. Their first year has been incredible if you ignore getting hit by the Kendo club every once in a while, and this year is shaping up to be even better.

The only unfortunate thing he can see is the increase in the male student body. More boys now attend the school, and while the ratio of girls and boys was still 3/7, it's still annoying. What the hell are they doing here? They're corrupting the school with their existence!

They all entered Kuoh because they wanted to be in a school dominated by female students. More males defeats the whole point of being here.

"Hey, hey, guys." Motohama turned to them. "Who's your favorite? The student council and the two queens not included. New students only."

"Hmm, if I have to choose…" His bald friend hummed, eyes flickering over to the girl with a ponytail. "It gotta be Sawamura. She may not be packing like most other girls here, but her childlike and innocent face makes my heart pound. She's so cute~"

"Pah, of course you'd choose her." His other friend said with an eye roll, then grinned lecherously. "Personally, I'm into that emo girl, Amamiya. Nowhere near as big as Gremory or Himejima, but still a great bust. Long legs, sexy waist and thighs… she might as well rival them when it comes to body type~"

Issei patted his friend's shoulder. "I knew you'd get it, my brother. She might look scary and weird with that male uniform, but she's hell of a lot sexier than all the other new students here!"

Thankfully, the male and female gym uniforms are almost identical, with the change being in color. Red shorts for boys, blue shorts for girls, and said shorts revealed what they couldn't see in the classroom.

Seeing her do generic stretches outside was one of the best scenes of his life. There were some moments where she glared at him and his friends, and something told him that he should not challenge that look or it'll end poorly for him, but thankfully nothing horrible happened.

Issei felt like she was ignoring him, instead chatting with that other new guy with the shrub for a hairstyle. He felt a bit annoyed and jealous seeing how they're already friends from what he overheard in class, but didn't think much of it.

He never thought he had a chance with her anyway. He's aware of his reputation after all.

But goddamn that Kasuga asshole! He keeps blocking the view for some reason, and Issei isn't sure if it was on purpose or not. Not to mention, he has a great view of the best parts while the three of them can only watch from a distance.

Issei smirked. Heh, good thing that class is about to end, and the three devised a wonderful plan to peek on the girl's changing room from a very good place. Even if they're caught, they'd have taken multiple pictures already. They won't know until it's too late~

Their perverted plans never worked twice, so that's why they had to always come up with something new and original.

When the students left for the school building as class ended, the three perverts smirked at one another and hid in a place that showed the window of the girl's changing room. The window was closed, but not the curtains, so they had the perfect view.

Admittedly, it was pretty damn far, but Motohama had their backs as he brought with him three binoculars. They all lied on their stomachs, subtly hiding themselves as they peaked. Female students began pouring into the room, chatting and laughing as Sawamura and Amamiya followed suit, them having their own conversation.

The girls began to take off their clothes, still unaware of the three perversely giggling as they peeped. Issei was intensely focused on Amamiya, still talking with the other new girl. He started to feel more and more frustrated as she dragged the conversation, and as she started to take off her top, his heartbeat quickened in anticipation.

However, anticipation turned into horror as she spotted him midway taking off her shirt, which the school had a policy of never wearing anything underneath. Just a bit and he could see everything, but she completely froze when their eyes met.

When her face contorted into a terrifying scowl, unlike the usual blushing or squeals of horror, he knew they were fucked.

He quickly lowered his head, face paling as realization dawned on him. If looks could kill, Issei would've died seven times over.

"S-shit, they noticed us!" Matsuda exclaimed. "The Amamiya girl is closing the curtains, and she looks fucking pissed!"

"Oh god we're fucked." Issei whispered, getting up as he rushed towards the school building with his two friends.. "We are so fucked."

"Heh, calm down," Motohama said confidently. "Really, what are you so worried about? Girls don't have their kendo sticks with them."

"Girls with grudges are scary, man!" Matsuda held his head in fear. "We should go now. Hopefully she forgets about it."

The three left their hiding place, heading towards the men's changing room while making sure none of the teachers saw them. Unlike his two friends, Issei felt that this wasn't the end of it. That look of absolute hatred in her eyes wasn't normal, she looked as if she wanted to actually kill them.

The cold side glare she gave him in class only reinforced that idea, making him sweat bullets as Motohama and Matsuda remained unaware.



The cleaning duty ended, thus ending the school day, though he still felt uneasy. He'd look behind him every once in a while, but then reminded himself that he's just being paranoid. He walked with his friends so as to not stay alone, at least a bit of insurance. That glare still scared him.

However, he felt a little better when Amamiya didn't even try to do anything for the rest of the day, not even threaten or mock them. She stayed quiet, occasionally giving them glares as class went by.

So while still uneasy, he feels a bit better than before. Maybe he's just not looking forward to getting hit on the head by kendo sticks again. Those things hurt a ton, and he's always the one suffering because the assholes he calls 'friends' almost always abandon him.

"You still scared?" Motohama questioned with an unimpressed look. "Chicken."

"Shut up. You didn't see her glare like I did." Issei scoffed as they exited through the school's gate. "Felt like she was cursing me to hell with that look."

"Chicken~"

"I will kick your ass, four-eyes." He scowled.

"O-oi, guys?" Matsuda gulped as he glanced behind. "Is- is it me, or is she following us?"

The two blinked and looked, spotting Amamiya closing in on them with a look of cold anger, the Kasuga guy nowhere to be seen. Issei's face contorted into one of concern as Motohama remained confident.

"This is the only exit, dumbass." He said. "Where the hell would she leave the school from?"

"N-no I mean…" His eyes flickered between his friends and the approaching girl. "Is it me or is she… walking a bit too fast?"

True to his word, she was getting closer by the second, prompting Issei to slowly back away. He felt something was off, and when she suddenly threw her bag to the side, he knew they were in trouble.

Motohama couldn't even reply before her fist smashed into his face, sending him flying over to the side. The two were frozen in fear and shock as the girl got on top of him and repeatedly and brutally decked him in the face, blood staining her hands as his broken glasses and teeth flew away.

"S-shtop!" Motohama cried out in pain, trying to shield himself. "S-shtop hitting me!"

"Why? Ain't this what ya wanted?" She growled angrily, her accent switching to Kansai. "To be so close ta a girl?!"

She pulled him by the hair and slammed his head back into the ground, probably giving him a nasty concussion. Even then, she didn't show him mercy as she bent his arm, the sickening crack of his bones breaking will probably be haunting Issei in the future.

As soon as Matsuda tried to run away, the girl quickly got off of his friend's unconscious and possibly dead body and tackled him, slamming his face against the ground. Issei finally got a good look on her face as she dragged Matsuda's face across the concrete road, almost pissing himself from how terrified he was.

"Ya worthless fucks are clearly not raised well enough." She spat, standing up to stomp on Matsuda's crotch as she rolled her neck. "So let me do yer parent's jobs and show ya just how bad it is to peep on girls."

Bared teeth, dilated pupils, and a scowl of pure, unbridled fury. He's seen looks of disgust and anger before, those were common in this life of his, but never to such scale.

And he could've sworn her saw her eyes flash blue.

Then, she turned to him, the last of the three perverts. Issei scrambled to get up on his feet, but her fist connecting with his face sent him back down. He flinched violently as blood began to pour down from his nose, and just as he was about to suffer the same fate as his friends, someone stopped her.

"O-oi, Akane, what the hell are you doing?!" Kasuga said, pulling her away from him. "You're really gonna start shit on your first day?!"

"I don't give a fuck!" She screamed, smacking him in the face. "Let go of me or I'll beat yer ass, Ichiban! These dipshits deserve it!"

"Not in school grounds damn it!" He argued with a grimace, definitely not in Issei's favor from what he implied. "You! What the hell are you standing there for?! Run! Get out of here!"

"The fuck?!" Akane exclaimed, snarling at him. "Whose side are ya on?!"

"Yours, dumbass!" He yelled back.

Issei didn't want to wait to see what would happen next as he quickly grabbed his bag and ran as fast as his legs could take him, holding his broken nose in pain. The argument between the two could be heard from a distance, though Issei wasn't listening, thanking his lucky stars that he managed to survive the onslaught of that crazy bitch.

He knew pissing her off was especially a bad idea...



(Akane)

I regret nothing.

I glance at my mother, who looked as if she aged twenty more years currently in the principal's office. A check with observe told me that it was a regular human which was pretty weird, since last time I checked, Rias' dad was supposed to be the principal, right?

Probably another change. Not really that much of a surprise.

I'm pretty thankful, though, seeing how my mother would've probably done something stupid. Well, from what I know of her. She should be able to keep her cool pretty well in the presence of a devil. Assassins don't let their emotions get in the way after all.

From what I saw with how she reacted when she saw Sirzechs said otherwise though.

I do trust her, though. To a certain degree of course. Wouldn't trust her or anyone for that matter about my gamer powers for example. That's a secret only known to me. Nobody knowing about it gives me an advantage.

"Well, we'll let it slide for now, seeing the... victims had it coming." The principal hesitated to call the three morons 'victims', almost making me snort. "But such overreaction is unacceptable in our school."

"Y-yes, miss…" My mother nodded.

"Please, Amamiya-san." She looked at me sternly. "Control yourself next time, alright? Had Kasuga-san never stopped you, you might've even killed them, and we don't want that, do we?"

We really don't. Not yet at least.

"Sorry," I mumble half-heartedly. "Won't happen again."

"Thank you." She smiled softly. "Now, I shall see you tomorrow. Please don't be late."

That was our cue to leave, and as soon as we got to the ground level, my mother stopped me by grabbing my shoulders, looking at me with narrowed eyes. I wince, knowing she's not exactly happy with what I did despite her warnings.

"Akane."

"Y-yes?"

Yeah, she's angry isn't she? I can tell by the look on her face. She might act like an idiot, but I generally avoid angering her because it's genuinely terrifying when she's mad. And not the 'pouty' or 'whiny' kind of mad, but the 'punch a hole through a fucking concrete wall' kind of mad.

I've only ever seen her get that angry twice in my life. I'm 90% sure I inherited her temper seeing dad was the reasonable and chill one, despite his looks. Being yelled at by her was the scariest thing that happened to me.

A silent few seconds made me concerned, but then she broke into a proud grin that confused me.

"Good job."

...uhhh

"What?"

"I know I told you to not go overboard, or to not start trouble on your first day." She nodded. "But what you did today? That was hero work right there!"

"..Excuse me?"

I'm still unsure how to react. Realistically, she should be pissed off that I quite literally almost killed two students. Anyone would be, and for good reason. The parents of those dumbasses will probably try to call the police or something - can't do shit because I'm still a minor, and minors can't go to jail in Japan. Love the system here - and hold a grudge.

Mom absolutely hates dealing with those kinds of people, and will lament the fact that she can't beat the hell out of them without getting in trouble. Pretty sure she's jealous of me in that regard.

"I've heard rumors, y'know." She explained. "Worrying rumors about infamous perverts lurking in Kuoh Academy. I couldn't just wave it off seeing how you attend the same school, so when I did my research, I discovered that they're a menace to this society-"

"Short story, Kaa-san."

"W-well, a lot of parents complain about them, you see. Saying that their daughters don't feel very safe. Some even wanted to pull out." She cleared her throat with a cough. "And what you did today? Heh, you practically saved all the students there and assured them that they won't be peeped on ever again."

"So what you're saying is…" I frown. "I did a good thing?"

"Yep." My mother nodded. "And I feel very proud of you. You've practically become this school's heroine!"

Well… Okay, I'll admit, when she puts it that way, I did do a good thing. I had some doubts seeing how overboard I went. Granted, I don't regret or feel bad about what I did at all, I just hated that I might be getting problems because of it. Bad rep or something. Already had a dumb title in Kiyoraha, don't want one here too.

And being told that she's proud of me feels good. It always did.

Damned butterflies...

"Breaking: Local Kuoh Academy student almost kills two classmates, and is hailed a hero for it." I snark, smiling.

"Don't put it that way!" She laughs.

"Yeah, it sounds weird from my perspective, doesn't it?" I say. "But… thanks. At least you're not mad at me."

"You did the world a service by thrashing two possible future rapists." She salutes. Hey, that's what I thought too. "No way I'd be mad.

"Alright, run home now. I'll be catching up soon." She says, patting my head.

"Thought we'd walk together?" I raise a brow.

"I'd love to, but there's something I need to do first." She sighs, but I catch a glimpse of her eyes sharpening for a split-second. "And… Well…"

She suddenly looked uncomfortable, making me even more confused.

"What's wrong?"

"I… need to talk to you about something today." She fidgets nervously. "It's very important. Very, very important. So please wait for me at home, mmkay?"

Oh… is she talking about what I think she's talking about? That's a lot sooner than I expected. I don't mind though, that means I can stop hiding some of the stuff I do at home and actually learn from the expert.

"Alright." I nod. "I'll wait if it's that serious. Don't take too long."

I wave at her and head towards the front gate, admittedly feeling nervous. I don't know why I feel that way, but the prospect of her telling me everything is kinda nerve-wracking.

But I also feel excited. Is she gonna teach me secret assassin techniques? How to fight with guns or hands? Maybe she knows how to use Ice Magic too. That'd be amazing. Only issue I'm seeing is where to train. Anywhere will probably mean that the devils will be keeping a close eye on us, and I don't want that.

...Should I reveal my ID Create ability, or should I stay quiet about it? Showing it to my mother and/or uncle shouldn't be so bad. I have high REP with them, and I know I can trust them with this secret. Gamer powers are still gonna be only known to me, same with the actual waves of the dungeons.

I think I'll keep it to myself for now. I shouldn't be rushing. Wait and watch, keep the dungeon thing a secret until I'm absolutely sure it's the only way. Keeping everything to myself from my allies will only make me suspicious, and I want their full trust.

I sigh and shake my head. It feels like I'm walking on eggshells these days…


(Koneko)

The sun began to set as she jumped from building to building, silently keeping watch over the girl with red eyes. She trailed her upperclassmen with efficiency, this time making sure to focus extra hard on her.

Rias appointed her and Akeno to keep eyes on the new students close to the Yakuza. She was to follow Akane Amamiya, and her friend kept an eye on Haruka Sawamura. It wasn't a rigorous job at first. Keeping watch while remaining hidden is easy for someone like her.

But she was proved wrong the moment Amamiya vanished on lunch break. Became utterly untraceable, and that was one hell of a way to vanish seeing how her mana levels were already unnaturally low. Koneko panicked at the time, thinking she might've gotten kidnapped or something.

When she returned to class, Koneko almost broke character by letting out a huge sigh of relief. That would've been a disaster.

Unlike what most of her peerage thought, she's very aware of the new students' significance, even more so than her King, who's being concerningly laid back and confident that she can convince them to be friends.

Being friends is fine, Koneko thought. Rias wasn't exactly a malicious individual, just amazingly dense, and annoyingly arrogant at times. She doesn't hate her King of course, in fact, she loves her and sees her as an older sister.

But she'd be lying if she said Rias wasn't… how to say this without being mean?

An… idiot? No, airheaded?

Lacks self awareness. Yes, that.

However, she's plenty smart too. Keeping an eye on Akane wasn't just spy work, it's also keeping her safe from possible terrorist attacks. They might be in a heavily guarded town, but it's not exactly bad to have extra protection, right? The Old Satans are getting increasingly bolder the past few months.

From what Koneko saw that day, however, told her that this gal might not need protection at all. She's seen the perverts get destroyed by girls constantly that it became a tourist attraction at this point, but never to such a degree.

One probably won't be able to use his dick anymore, and the other got a concussion he'll most likely never recover from.

She almost felt bad for them. Almost.

Regardless, Koneko definitely held the girl in higher regard now. Absolutely merciless to perverts, as any girl should be. She wouldn't even mind being her friend now.

She jumped down into a quiet dark alley, eyes seeing everything as bright as day, still spying on the Amamiya girl. As Koneko went about to follow her, she suddenly froze, her instincts screaming at her to run as far as she possibly could, but her legs couldn't move as a sharp blade pressed against her throat.

"And what do you think you're doing, filth?" A feminine yet terrifyingly emotionless voice asked. "You're getting awfully brave, don't you think?"

Koneko couldn't make out who said this, staying silent. She knew a single movement would end up with her throat being cut open. She's at the mercy of… whoever this person is.

"No answer?" The voice continued. "What a surprise. Here I thought you'd be spewing about how 'I should release you at once', or that 'I'm messing with the wrong person.'"

"W-who are you?" Koneko stuttered, still in disbelief that someone managed to sneak up on her.

"None of your concern, but I'll give you one warning." She whispered. "Keep up what you're doing, and I'll send you back to your master in pieces. Understood?"

Koneko nodded quietly.

"Very good. Now, I promised someone that I won't be doing anything rash, so I'll let you off. For now." She said. Koneko felt the sharp blade slowly retract. "Don't make me regret this decision, alright?"

As soon as the blade was far enough, she quickly twirled and threw a punch, but no one was there. Koneko felt her breath getting heavier as she shook, but not out of fear, not fully. No, she felt… cold. In fact, the puddle next to the garbage can was frozen solid as well.

What the hell was that?

She shook her head, and decided that whatever that was, she does not want to mess with it.

She needs to report back to Rias and tell her everything.
Last edited: Jun 24, 2023
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, TheAmnisiac, Mufarasu and 373 others
Mirlnir
Aug 22, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 6: Half of a Secret
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Sep 2, 2021
Add bookmark
#143
(Mizuki)

Closing the door behind her, Mizuki took a deep breath as she saw Akane lying on the sofa, flipping through the channels with a bored look on her face. Mizuki hesitated but gathered what courage she still had and approached her daughter with a weak smile.

Akane spotted her mother, and noticed her downbeat mood, quickly sitting upright and turning off the TV.

"Are you okay, Kaa-san?" She asked. "You look nervous."

"I'm okay, Akane," Mizuki said unconvincingly. "It's just… What I have to say is pretty life-changing. You're right, I'm a little nervous."

"Right." Her daughter nodded awkwardly. "Do you want me to make you anything? Maybe something to eat, or a cup of tea?"

"Oh, no. I'm good." She smiled warmly. "Thank you, though."

"If you say so…"

The two fell into an awkward silence, Akane turning her gaze away as she scratched her cheek while Mizuki merely looked downwards. This wasn't normal, Mizuki thought. Atmospheres like this never happen between the two of them - neither had ever felt tense or uncomfortable around the other, they were as close as a mother and daughter could get.

But who can blame them? Mizuki is about to tell a secret she tried so hard to keep hidden, at the request of her beloved husband, while Akane is being told that her life might completely change because of it. Regardless of how strong their relationship is, that's bound to make her nervous, and her body language was enough to alert Akane that something was up.

Mizuki didn't know what approach she should take. Straight to the point, or be indirect about it. She never had to make this talk before, except the time where she told Akane where babies come from, and even then Akane already knew and lost her shit laughing at her embarrassment.

Enough pussyfooting around. Mizuki said, hardening her resolve. Just tell her already.

With a subtle deep breath through her nose, Mizuki started.

"So… how's your magic going along?"

Akane stilled, admirably keeping her cool as she blinked in fake confusion. "Um, what? Magic?"

"You don't have to hide it Akane." Mizuki smiled. "I already know."

"I'm not sure I know what you're talking about." Akane kept up the facade. "Are you okay?"

With a sigh, Mizuki extended her hand forward, a crystal made of pure ice forming above the palm of her hand. Akane looked a bit shocked, mouth open in an 'O' as her mother dispelled the crystal.

"Convinced?" She smirked.

"I… yeah, okay." Akane sighed. "I was just worried you'd be angry or something. Sorry."

"It's alright. I would've done the same thing." Mizuki grinned. "I guess you were pretty surprised when you realized you can use magic, huh?"

"Ecstatic, more like." Her daughter smirked. "Knowing you can use it too means I can stop hiding it. And here I thought I was special."

"Oh, you still are my special little gremlin, don't worry~" Mizuki cooed, prompting her daughter to frown in annoyance. "More special than you'd think. I've kept an eye on your growth, and it's incredible."

"Eh, really?" Akane blinked. "I dunno. I mean, it does get easier every time I use it."

"That so?" She smiled, whispering under her breath. "You're not even trying, are you? A week for you is enough to rival a decade worth of practice for most."

"Huh?"

"No, it's nothing." Mizuki shook her head. "Tell me, Akane. What exactly do you plan on doing with your magic?"

"So it is magic." She crossed her arms. "I'm not sure, I guess I'll just practice it? I don't know what it's supposed to help out with."

"Do you want me to teach you?" Mizuki offered. "I… may not have much magic in me anymore, but I know all the ins and outs of Ice Magic."

"Well, yeah, if you're offering." She grinned. "Is that what you wanted to tell me? You seemed all nervous. I thought it'd be something big. Well, knowing that you can use it too is big, but you get what I mean."

"That's one part." The mother's smile dropped. "There's still more."

The sudden change in tone made Akane a little taken aback. "...And that is?"

Mizuki hesitated once more but got on with it. She's gotten this far, might as well tell her everything.

"The… supernatural exists." She revealed. "I mean devils, angels, gods - everything."

Akane didn't respond, still listening intently which is something Mizuki did not expect. She thought her daughter would look shocked or outright dismiss her claims, but she kept her mouth shut. The only change is in her expression, as her eyes narrowed further. Mizuki took this as a sign to keep going.

"They always did, some existed before humans too." She continued. "They're hidden from the world, though. Or at least the human world."

"How long have you known this?" Akane asked suddenly, making her flinch. "And… why didn't you tell me until now?"

"I've known everything since the day I was born," Mizuki answered. "A-and I didn't tell you because… I didn't want you to be involved."

Akane took a moment to process before replying. "Why?"

"Because it's dangerous. Way more dangerous than you think." The mother answered quickly. "The supernatural is horrifying, Akane. It's not like the things you see in fairytales or anime - people die constantly."

"And you tell me this now because…?" Her eyes narrowed. "What, you had a change of heart?"

"No, it's because I realized that I can't protect you if I don't help you prepare," Mizuki explained. "I… acknowledged the fact that you were gonna get involved somehow. I realized that I needed to tell you, to help and teach you."

Akane remained silent.

"I should've realized it sooner, I know." She continued, her heart beating fast. "I-I just was scared that you'd get hurt. I've been there for years, and I hated every second of it. I didn't want you to share the same fate."

Her daughter's frown softened as she listened.

"I-I'm sorry for not telling you earlier. I know I should've." Mizuki clenched her fists, guilt and shame filling her. "You deserve that much, Akane. I'm a horrible person and a bad mother-"

"Stop. Don't say that." Her daughter sighed, cutting off Mizuki as she flinched. "Look, I'm gonna keep it real with you, Kaa-san. You know I hate sugarcoating."

Mizuki felt her throat dry out, heart pounding in her chest as refused to look at her daughter's eyes.

"Do I agree with what you did? No, I don't. I'll go as far as to say that you're an idiot for it." Akane said bluntly as Mizuki felt tears gathering at the corners of her eyes. "I know I say that every day, but I mean it this time. What moron won't tell their kid about the possible danger to them from a world unknown to most? Like, c'mon, even if you didn't want me to get involved, you could've at least warned me about it."

"I'm sorry- I'm so sorry for lying." She choked. "I'm a failure."

"Don't say that, please." Her daughter sighed, "Listen, I say that, but I understand where you're coming from, what you tried to do."

Mizuki paused.

"Kaa-san, look at me," Akane said, her mother hesitantly obeying a few seconds later. "What you did might've been irresponsible, but I understand why. I get it. You wanted to protect me, so you thought keeping me completely separated from the supernatural was the best way to do it, am I right?"

Mizuki nodded slowly.

"Then why would I ever be mad at you?" Akane smiled warmly. "I know I'm rude to you sometimes, insult or yell at you, but you're still my mother. If you're a failure for not telling me earlier, then I'd be a failure of a daughter for not looking at the bigger picture."

Her eyes widened, stuttering a response as her heart skipped a beat. She almost couldn't believe what she was hearing - she expected Akane to be mad or disappointed, not understanding and reasonable.

And she certainly had the right to after being lied to for many years. Seeing her daughter, the girl with anger issues, accept her with an honest smile on her face was far better than anything she hoped for.

She knew her daughter wasn't actually faking this. She'd known her for he whole life and watched her grow up. Her forgiveness gave Mizuki the hope that maybe she can be accepted, regardless of what she's done.

"I..."

"So if you dare call yourself a failure again, I'll kick your ass." Her daughter brought her close for a hug. "Because no failure would be able to make me."

Tears began to roll down Mizuki's cheeks as she laughed in response. She felt relieved, so relieved that she finally had that weight off her chest. There were so many things she wanted to tell her daughter, that much is true, and even then, Mizuki still feels worried about telling Akane what she used to do.

But to hear Akane accept and immediately forgive her for lying, she felt hope. Akane might accept her, no matter what horrible crimes she committed. When she used to shake from merely thinking about it, now Mizuki felt a tiny bit positive that everything will be okay.

They broke off the hug, Mizuki wiping her tears off with a smile. "You have no idea just how happy I am to hear this. Thank you, Akane. I love you so much."

"Yeah, yeah, I love you too." Her daughter shrugged. "So, are there any other surprises or are we done?"

"W-well… one thing," Mizuki said, gathering up all her courage to reveal who she was… only to hesitate.

Her throat felt dry, words stuck as she struggled to speak her next words. She couldn't do it - Mizuki just couldn't say it, no matter how hard she tried. She wanted so much- to lift this damned weight that plagued her for years.

But like the disgusting coward she was, she didn't.

"I… suppose I can tell you how the supernatural works, right?"

"Oh, we're finally getting to the exciting parts, eh?" Akane grinned in anticipation. "I'm definitely interested in this~"

Mizuki faked a chuckle.

She knew that one day, her hesitation will come back to haunt her.

At the very least, her daughter still accepted her for now. Forgiveness for a lie that would have destroyed their relationship in an instant, but to see her daughter so understanding left Mizuki astonished and so proud.

She was so proud to see her and Tatsu's daughter mature so much. It was so fast - yesterday felt like she was ready to blow a fuse over the stupidest things, and now when she had every right to be angry.

Akane may not be a perfect human, but she was the perfect daughter to Mizuki. Anger issues, rudeness, and recklessness be damned because she would not have it any other way.

Mizuki only hoped she was a mother worthy of Akane.

Because a coward like her deserves nothing but to be sent to the deepest parts of hell.




(Akane)

10 Affection with Mizuki Amamiya [95/100]

-10 Obedience with Mizuki Amamiya [50/100]

I blink in confusion at the messages. I expected an increase in affection, but why the decrease in obedience? I don't get it. Isn't it supposed to increase instead?

Had you forced her to talk about her past, it would've increased.​

Huh, how so?

It does not increase from acting nice or polite to individuals. Instead, you'll need to act harsh, stern, and at other times, intimidating.

Respect also increases Obedience, but does not go over a certain threshold. It is the trickiest one to increase out of the four, especially if you want to fully max out all of them.
​
Sooo acting nice and reasonable was pretty useless, then?

You'd have gotten an increase in Loyalty instead, but it's already at 100​

Damn, really screwed up there, didn't I? I mean, well, I guess forcing her to spill everything might've decreased my Affection, and it's so close to being maxed out. Yeah, I suppose both choices were correct in a way, so everything is okay?

You seem satisfied with your choice.​

Again, it's beneficial. I know she loves me, making sure she loves me most is what I want to get here.

...Is that truly what you think?​

Huh?

It just seemed to me that you… well, looked quite honest.​

My brows furrowed in confusion, still not sure what the Game is trying to say. What exactly are you insinuating?

...Forgive me, I meant nothing by it. Please forget what I said.​

I blink and shake my head quickly. Weird, but whatever. Not exactly my concern here.

"So what you're saying is that my school has those devils in it? And heiresses no less?" I fake ignorance, which my mother oddly believes. "And that I'm apparently as important as they are?"

"Well, yes." She nods. "Which is why you must be very careful in school. Thankfully, they're not aware of your powers - you know how to hide it well and must've thrown them off."

"So I guess it was good that I practiced."

"Yep." Mizuki giggled, then lost her smile. "Remember though, don't get too close to them. Whatever they say-"

"Devils are never to be trusted, got it." I nod. I agree with her wholeheartedly. "I won't - I'll keep them at arm's length, maybe spy on them if you'd like."

"That's-!" Her face morphs into one of shock. "That's- I, well, really respect your courage, but that's extremely dangerous. Please don't."

"If you say so." I shrug. "So, you said there's one last thing you wanted to tell me?"

"Yeah." Mizuki yawned. "It's about me, er, us to be more accurate."

"You look tired," I remark. "Are you alright?"

"Mhm, I suppose this whole thing drained me a lot more than I thought it would." She chuckles weakly. "C-can we continue this later? Sorry, love, but I don't feel well."

I try to hide my disappointment, but I'm pretty sure she caught it. Her tiny wince and grimace told me as much. Forcing her would probably mean an increase in Obedience, but a possible decrease in affection and affection is almost filled up.

...Oh well, no rush I guess? She doesn't seem anywhere near as hesitant about this other secret. She'll probably tell me tomorrow or something, hopefully.

"Sure, we can do this tomorrow." I nod. "Go and get some sleep. I'll wake you up real early tomorrow for some magic practice, alright?"

"Sure, that sounds fun~" She waves at me, yawning tiredly as she walks up the stairs. "Love you, Akane."

"I love you too."

As she disappears from view, I blink and look at the time. 8 PM, more than enough time to maybe finish the dungeon. I have the skills, items, and perks needed. Not sure what I'm facing in the last wave, but if I can kill the Paladin in less than a second, I can probably handle it with ease.

I think. Maybe.

I only spent around 30 minutes the first time today, so I have a bit under ninety minutes to finish four waves. I haven't used any of the items I got from wave 6, which were two standard crystals - both for CHA - and five uncommon tokens.

I leave the house and walk for a distance, before entering the dungeon and quickly snapping them all. Nothing truly noteworthy, except for Toxic Throwing Knives, five of them. Won't work on Zombies I don't think, but it's better to keep them as a backup weapon, or for a quick debuff when I have to.

With that, I start my routine, putting on my gear, making a tower, and actually making more than one repeater. I made six all around the little castle, all of them taking a lot out of me. I was about to start the wave, but then I remembered. I have enough MP for that wing spell.

It wasn't difficult to cast the spell, it felt as if it was something I've been doing for a while. Crystal clear ice wings form behind my back, and I look at them in awe as every flap releases a gust of cold wind. Of course, seeing how low my MP is I had to wait for a couple of minutes before I was able to continue.

Once my MP has recovered and my headache clears, I get off the tower and try to fly, instinctively knowing how to use those wings and adapting with only a tiny bit of difficulty.

My flight speed wasn't fast, but I was honest-to-god flying. I'm looking down right now, a little anxious from how high I am, but equally excited that I'm actually flying. No planes or hang gliders needed.

"This is gonna need some time to get used to…" I mumble, my face contorting into a worried but happy smile. "At least it can be used as a shield for now."

I descend slowly, landing safely on the castle. Alright, time to actually start the seventh wave.

Wave start

Defeat 80 Zombie Archers, Zombie Knights 20, and 50 Zombie Soldiers [0/150]

Rewards: Magic Gloves, 5 Standard Crystals, 150 Credits

I quickly cast Ice Skin, noticing the difficulty spike when I compare this to the previous wave. From 80 to 150? Almost double the number of mobs, and most are archers. Thankfully, all of them are pathetically easy to kill - literally dying from one hit even to my weakest of spells.

The repeaters have been doing a… Well, terrible job. Problem is that they shoot way too slow, and their HP isn't all that high. Thankfully, the traps were doing a bang-up job, killing most of the soldiers and knights as I hurled arrows at the archers, the Magic Zone perk making it really easy to shoot more than two at the same time.

I can shoot around five arrows per second, and I personally focused on the archers while making extra sure to hide behind walls whenever they start shooting. It wasn't hard per se, it just took a bit more time than usual.

There were many close calls, though. They did manage to damage my wings a bit.

Level up x5

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to next wave?

I take out the items, smiling as I see two of the crystals are CHA, while the rest are STR. This means my CHA should increase to 250, meaning my first perk from this stat should be imminent. Glad I got STR crystals, even if END is more important. Physical strength is always welcome

Perk gained

I'll check the perk once I'm done with today's run. As for the item, the gloves were black with multiple white runes stitched around them, a bit bigger than my own hand but it's alright I think.

[Magic Gloves] - Item

Enchanted leather gloves are used by most common mages. Their purpose is to help refine spells, making them cheaper and more effective. Are useless when used by a master as it merely ruins their focus instead.

When worn, evolving spells is 10% easier.

Evolving spells? There's some kind of spell evolution system? I do remember the skill upgrade quest saying to evolve one spell to complete it, so I assume this is related. That's good enough, I guess.

I'm surprised I didn't get any Gacha Tokens for this wave though. Whatever, I'm close to finishing the dungeon anyway. Only three more waves.

Wave start

Defeat 100 Zombie Archers, 30 Zombie Mages, 50 Zombie Knights, and 1 Zombie Paladin [0/181]

Rewards: 3 Rare Gacha Tokens, 2 Greater Stat Crystal, 250 Credits

Ah shit, mages.

Almost immediately, fireballs come flying at me as the mages cast from all directions. Thinking quickly, I fly high and away from the tower that got destroyed almost instantly. The traps remained unharmed and managed to take out most of the knights and some of the archers, but now I have no protection.

Shit, I need to act fast.

I manage to dodge the arrows with relative ease, my high DEX gives me great reflexes and thankfully they translate to flying. I bombard the mobs with as many spiky bombs as I can, actually doing amazing as most of them fall like flies. A few fireballs were too fast for me to completely dodge, but I shield myself with my wings, taking the full brunt of the attack.

Those were explosive though, so I still got hurt as waves of intense heat washed over me burning the skin on my arms. Glaring at the remaining zombie mages I quickly fly to a rooftop of a nearby building, kneeling down and taking my time to heal as I recast Ice Skin.

I take a peek down, sniping them from where I am. Unfortunately, my wings finally dispel on their own, making me scowl. I don't know if I can cast them again if they dispel instead of shattering, and that's annoying.

Maybe I can somehow evolve that spell. It's great, but I really need a better version of it. Lasting for only five minutes isn't great at all.

Thankfully, I managed to get rid of the zombies around me without any of them getting closer. Wave finished, and the level up filled my MP, which I try to use for my Crystal Wings spell… but nothing happens.

Goddamn it.

I groan in frustration. Great, so I can only cast it once every 30 minutes, and it lasts for 5. I really need to upgrade it. Hopefully, my mother can help me out with that, her control was immense. She managed to form a crystal with only five MP. It's insane just how good she is.

Level up x8

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to next wave?

I shake my head and take out the rewards. 3 Rare tokens and 2 Greater crystals. Very good in my opinion. Greater crystals give 20, so that means 40 each because of my Rising Star perk.

Let's start with them. One DEX and one END. Fuck yes.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 65

Title - None

Primary Class - Cryomancer - LVL 65/100 [46%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 0/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 1500 [150 per minute]

MP - 6500 [3900 per minute]

SP - 1500 [150 per minute]

STR - 150

END - 150

DEX - 140

INT - 650

WIS - 650

CHA - 250

LUK – 70

[Charming Persuader] - CHA 250

Some people are born with great beauty that they're capable of swaying opinions to their side with a wink, others are born with the admirable ability to convince even the most stubborn of people to listen with mere words alone, and then there's you, who is both of those people.

You're x2 as attractive, and Reputation and Affection gain

Convincing others is 50% easier.

Heh, nice. This is definitely gonna help out a lot. On top of my Friendly Face perk, it'll be easier to make and actually keep friends. Important friends.

As for the tokens…

I got a skill, an item, and more stats.

[Double Jump] - Skill

A classic skill in video game history, the Double Jump lets you do exactly as the name suggests. You can jump once more in the air, whether to break your fall or simply go higher up.

Adds a second jump

[Refilling Mana Potion] - Item

An enchanted bottle given to special mages. Whenever injected with mana, this potion will fill up for later use. A good item for extra mana when needed.

Costs 1000 MP to fill up

Restores 1000 MP

+25 STR

Well, that's 175 STR right there. I guess today has been good for grinding, I think I'll stop for now even when I really wanted to finish it today. I don't feel like it anymore seeing that I have to wait for the wing cooldown.

Guess I'll just take a walk outside or something. Haven't had a chance to look around the town.



(Rias)

"Someone managed to sneak up on you?" The Gremory Heiress parroted in shock. "But how? You're one of, if not the best Sneaks of our generation!"

Koneko looked away, fidgeting uncomfortably, clearly ashamed of the fact. Rias sighed and patted her head to comfort her, Akeno putting a tray on the table in front of the redhead.

This wasn't how Rias thought the first day of school would go. With the news of two new students who were close to the Yakuza attending Kuoh Academy, the redhead thought it was the perfect opportunity to better the relationship between their factions. She was quick to realize that they didn't know about the supernatural, at least, one of them didn't.

She tried to hide it, that Haruka girl, but she and Sona easily noticed the nervous glances she had given them. She's either intimidated by them seeing how famous they are in the school, which Rias doubted, or she genuinely knew what they were.

As for the Amamiya girl. Well, she didn't show any reaction to them. Sona was quick to point it out seeing that they've interacted more than once, and Akane didn't quite care about immediately causing trouble. She sent two students to the hospital on her first day for Lucifer's Sake!

Rias managed to see the entire thing unfold from the window, grimacing when Akane didn't stop even after knocking them out. There is a good chance that they'll be bedridden for years. The redhead thought that the girl went a bit too far. It was just a little peeping, nothing serious.

It was safe to say that the girl didn't know about the truth of this town, and if she did, she's either incredibly brave to pull that stunt or just doesn't care at all. Or maybe, it's an act? Do that to trick them into thinking she's ignorant?

Her sudden disappearance on lunch break that not even Koneko found her was fairly suspicious. Something was obviously amiss here - you don't hide from Koneko when you're just a regular human.

Unlikely that she's unaware, but a possibility nonetheless.

But if she was being honest, there was another student that caught her attention. Ichiban Kasuga.

Something was… odd, about him. She felt subtle energy within him, fiery and primal. Draconic, almost. It wasn't common to sense this, but if her assumption is correct, then he might be a Longinus Wielder. dragon type. Sacred Gears don't give off a lot of energy when they're locked, not unless it's a Longinus of course.

A quick look into his background didn't tell a lot, unfortunately. He was uninteresting and normal, a young orphan boy who got raised in a brothel. His grades were excellent and his guardian had enough money to send him to Kuoh Academy…

...Which sounds a little weird. Something was odd about this and Rias wasn't sure why. Everything about him looked legit, too legit. Sona thought he was a spy but he's very clearly unaware of the supernatural. The only thing that truly got them on guard when connecting the dots was the aura he had, but if he was a spy, why wouldn't he hide it fully? It didn't make a lot of sense to them.

However, they decided to keep an eye on him regardless. If they're overthinking, then Rias can invite him to her peerage. A possible Longinus Wielder would be Lucifersent, especially with the marriage approaching fast.

"And…" Koneko spoke up once more. "There was a cold presence."

"A cold presence?" Rias raised a brow. "How so?"

"It felt cold, freezing." Her Rook said. "...I could see my own breath."

Rias only furrowed her brows.

"Some sort of a supernatural creature, or one skilled in magic, then." Kiba quipped. "Well, that was obvious enough as they managed to sneak up on Koneko, but if they're able to release such presence…"

"Someone powerful." Akeno sighed. "Ara ara~ should we call Lucifer-sama, Buchou?"

"Hmm… no, not yet." Rias shook her head. "We should observe, for now, gauge the threat, then act accordingly. If it's something we can't handle, then we'll inform my brother."

"Are you sure this is wise?" Her Queen tilted her head.

"It could be a Tojo Agent." Her Knight added.

"Doubt it, they won't do something drastic like this." The redhead frowned. "Throwing around threats like these isn't something the Tojo would do. Most likely a third party."

"Could it be Shun Akiyama?" Kiba questioned.

"Had it been Shun, Koneko would've felt a hot presence, not a freezing one," Akeno said. "And if I recall correctly, it was a woman's voice?"

Koneko nodded.

"Regardless, I think we should pull back and observe from afar," Rias said. "Koneko, Akeno, pause the tailing for now. We'll listen to this… Mysterious Bodyguard and stop. We don't have enough information about her to do anything."

The two nodded in affirmation.

"I'll try to befriend them here at Kuoh, it's the safer way." She added. "All of you try to do so as well - I'll inform Sona about this. We should avoid provoking the Tojo or this woman. War is the last thing we want."

Rias can admit that she can be pushy sometimes, but even she knows when to stop. This might be a sign or a message telling her that she's pushing a little too much. They're not exactly in the position to assume that this woman was a Tojo - if they came to the chairman with false accusations it'll only make them look bad.

The peace is already shaky enough. If they can hold on until an official contract is formed, then they can at least breathe again. Rias isn't about to ruin years of her brother's work and is definitely not about to be the one to blame for a war they're not sure they can win.

"How would you get close to Amamiya-san?" Akeno asked with a head tilt.

"Heh, you can leave this to me," Rias smirked arrogantly. "I'm the most popular girl in school. Who wouldn't want to be friends with the Queen of Kuoh Academy?"

"Are you sure?" Her Queen questioned worriedly. "We know she has a short fuse, and we saw how she acted earlier today. What if you say the wrong thing?"

"You worry too much. I got this." She waved off her worries. "I've already made plenty of friends here. How's this gonna be any different?"

So their best bet is getting close to her the old-fashioned way: Be friends. A foolproof plan if Rias had to say, worked every time. Unless she's talking to an individual who wants nothing but to rip her apart, then that'll be a piece of cake.

She just hoped she wouldn't get on her bad side. Seeing that boy get his face dragged across the pavement made her shiver.

...Maybe they should start taking the complaints about perverts seriously before anything truly horrible happens.



(Haruka)

She wasn't sure if coming over to Kuoh was even a good idea - she was practically stuck in a school filled with supernatural creatures, and only noticed when it was too late. Haruka had assumed that she was attending a regular high school until the moment she set foot inside.

Now, Haruka had a rough life prior, almost always getting dragged into Yakuza conflicts along with her adoptive father, and was fairly familiar with the Supernatural. Her father figure had his fair share of tussles with devils and fallen, and seeing how close she was to him, they usually dragged her into their messes.

So seeing that she's practically stuck in this school for the next year at least was terrifying if she's being honest. She likes devils as much as she likes Yakuza, and that means 'not very much'. She went through so much to finally achieve the peace she dreamed of - her father died for it, so the possibility of being pulled into all of it again…

Haruka sighed deeply, taking the ice cream cone off the vendor's hand with a grateful smile. At the very least, Kuoh was a quiet town, a lot less loud than Kamurocho and nowhere near as crowded. It reminded her of Okinawa a bit, just without the humidity or the smell of the sea.

She wondered what the other kids at the orphanage were doing. Without her or Uncle Kaz there, they might be having some difficulties. Thankfully, Haruka still had more than enough money from her career as an Idol, so they can take care of themselves for a while.

Even then, she knew Taichi and Ayako were old enough to hold down the fort while she is gone. The reason she's even going to a school as prestigious as this is to up her chances of going to a good college, then get a good job to support the orphanage by herself, or at least until everyone else can go to a good college themselves.

But of course, the universe had to somehow beat her down a little more and send her to a devil-infested school. She should've researched a little more.

Now, that's not to say that Haruka has any significant problems with devils. She's been taught to not judge people by their appearance, ethnicity, or race. To not categorize people into certain stereotypes. After all, her adoptive father was literally the Fourth Chairman of the Tojo Clan.

But she was worried. She hated dealing with Supernatural or the Yakuza, she wanted to live her life in peace. She didn't know what to do now seeing that two heiresses were in the school, along with what Haruka assumes is their own peerages. It worried her if she's being honest.

And to make it worse, she felt someone following her earlier today. She wasn't sure if she was being paranoid or there was something following her, but it didn't make it any better.

With another tired sigh, Haruka walked across the streets, heading towards her apartment with her cold treat in hand. At the very least, she could take care of herself for a bit - Akiyama taught her a few moves, specifically how to use her legs for some deadly techniques.

Her physique and the constant dancing lessons she took a while ago made it a lot easier for her to learn some of his moves. Even after quitting, Haruka kept exercising more and more, because aside from her being very happy with how her body turned out, she still loved dancing.

It was, and still is, her hobby. Same with singing.

Her expression fell as her thoughts traced back to the school, then brightened up a little when she remembered the new girl she met. This Akane Amamiya felt a little familiar - more specifically, her last name. There was this Yakuza patriarch she knew that had that last name too, right?

It didn't matter though - while the girl was a little strange, wearing a male uniform and all that, she was very nice. She talked a little casually, yet was still fairly polite. Haruka also admired how confident she looked. Even with the weird looks she got, she never gave it any mind.

Haruka wanted to approach her on lunch break but was beaten to the punch by that other guy with the afro. They seemed to know each other, and she backed down, only to be hounded by a lot of girls telling her how cute she looked and whatnot.

She was… a little surprised that nobody recognized her. She made a pretty big name for herself, after all. However, she was sure that Akane knew who she was, the little shock on her face when she said her name told her that much.

Haruka felt very glad that Akane didn't start hounding her with questions and whatever. She respected her privacy, which meant a lot. Heck, she even acted like she didn't know at all.

She appreciated it.

Her… reaction to what she did to those perverts felt a little overboard, but Haruka isn't exactly new to violence. She used to see it almost every day with how many delinquents and thugs swarm her adoptive father.

The only thing that surprised her was that it was a girl doing it this time. She was used to middle-aged men beating the crap out of teens who thought they were hot stuff. She won't lie, it was funny to see sometimes.

And Haruka wasn't exactly sympathetic to perverts. They played with too much fire and got burned.

Severely.

Like, a flamethrower to the face.

As Haruka passed by an alleyway, someone cleared their throat, prompting her to stop in her tracks. She turned her head towards the dark alley as soon as she put the tiny plastic spoon in her mouth, blinking a little when she spotted a man.

Short white hair, red eyes, and a smirk on his face. He wore a simple black shirt, black pants and a cross necklace. "Hey there, girlie. Mind if we have a minute?"

Haruka flinched, her intuition quickly telling her that this man is bad news. She tried to ignore him, quickening her pace, but he stopped her by firmly grabbing her shoulder. Haruka was quick to deduce that this was no normal man.

"Now, isn't it a little rude to walk away like this?" He asked with a knowing look. "I just want a little talk."

She subtly looked around, finding it very suspicious that there was no one around, then turned to look at him slowly with a hardened look.

"Please let go of me." She said politely, but firmly. "I'm busy."

"Aw, c'mon, what's a minute gonna do?" He shook his head. "I just want to talk about our lord and savior~"

"I'm not interested." Haruka pushed his arm away. "Now please leave me be."

As she walked away, almost jogging at this point, the man clicked his tongue audibly, obviously very annoyed at her being dismissive. "Oi, you bitch. I'm being polite here, so you better listen right now."

She ignored him, almost rolling her eyes at his 'threat'. He might look dangerous, but Haruka has seen and stood up against people who can turn this town into ashes in mere seconds. She's not really afraid of him.

The man grabbed her roughly this time, slamming her against the wall nearby as he stared at her with a scowl, her ice cream, unfortunately, falling on the ground. "Don't you fucking ignore me, you slut."

Haruka only narrowed her eyes in defiance. Even when he showed her superior strength, she didn't even flinch. She's seen this scene play out far too many times and by people hundreds of times scarier than him.

She was ready for a fight, though she was hoping she wouldn't have to - she didn't exactly like fighting. Haruka hated hurting people after all, but sometimes, she had to.

She clenched her fists as he growled. "The fuck is up with that look, huh? You looking down on me, you dumb bitch-?!"

It was then when an arm grabbed his, and without even giving the two a chance to react, a fist made contact with the creep's face, sending him stumbling back as he held his nose in pain. He hissed and sneered at the assailant, who to Haruka's surprise, was her classmate.

Akane retracted her arm back, glaring at him as her visible eye glowed crimson in the dark. "Girl isn't interested. Fuck off already."

"You…" He growled. "You stupid bitch…"

"At least I'm not the dude with a broken nose." She shot back with a smug smirk. "Want me to fix it for you? Cuz I can do that, free of charge~"

The man clenched his fists as a growl left his throat.

"A-Akane-chan?" Haruka mumbled. "What are you doing here?"

"Nothing. Was taking a walk, saw this cunt harassing a classmate, and my fists began to itch." She shrugged. "Besides, let's be honest, he has a really punchable face."

The man was looking as if he was gonna pop a vessel, and the smirk on her classmate's face only angered him further. Haruka realized that this man most likely had contact with the supernatural, so Akane possibly has no idea what she's getting herself into.

Haruka needed to protect her, even if that punch was fairly impressive.

"You dumb whores…" He snarled. "You'll pay for this!"

"Speaking like a shitty anime villain doesn't make you intimidating, it makes you look like a chuuni." Akane scoffed as she crossed her arms. "C'mon, people don't say that shit in real life. Do better."

Haruka stifled a giggle, quietly agreeing with her. He did sound like one just now.

Another growl left his throat, and Akane took it upon herself to humiliate him some more.

"And now he's growling like some fucking animal." She said. "C'mon boy, bark! Show a trick or two!"

That almost did it- he almost charged at her but stopped completely as his eyes darted back and forth, narrowing before he backed away. He looked at Akane with a scornful glare as he slowly walked to the alley he came from.

"You." He pointed at her classmate. "I'll remember you."

"I'm honored, though I can't say the same." She said, continuing her mockery. "You dumbass thugs are starting to blend in together. Can't tell if you're real or some robots made by the government at this point."

He clicked his tongue and disappeared in the darkness, Akane chuckling a second later. "Yeah, that's what I thought, bitch."

"Um, Akane-chan?" Haruka called out to her, who turned back to look at her. "Thank you so much for the help."

"Don't mention it. I was bored anyway." Akane shrugged. "Should've kicked him in the balls, though."

"I was gonna do that." Haruka smiled. "But you handled it before I could."

"Heh." She grinned. "Say, you have anything important to do?"

"Um, not really." Haruka felt a little surprised at the question but answered truthfully. "Why do you ask?"

"I was thinking we can go check out this place together?" Akane offered. "You're new here too, right? So why not explore this town for a bit? Still have a few hours before midnight."

Haruka blinked then smiled softly. "That sounds nice."

"Cool." Her classmate led the way as Haruka began walking next to her. "Heard the arcade was this way. Let's go there first."

Haruka wasn't quite sure what happened, or why that strange man retreated so suddenly, but she felt admittedly safe around her new friend. Maybe it's how charismatic she was, or how very brave she'd been to stand up against that man.

Haruka wasn't exactly the most… intimidating of individuals - she preferred persuading and simply ignoring instead, so seeing a girl her age who looks like one of the friendliest people she's seen act that way was a little weird, though admirable.

She could do without the dirty language, even if it was funny...



(Akane)

Alright, dealing with that moron was a lot less scary than I thought it'd be. Don't know what this dumbass was thinking, walking around like that and threatening someone like Haruka. He looked familiar when I first saw him, and a check with Observe told me what I needed to know.

Freed, one of the first villains from DxD. The insane stray exorcist that's a pain in the ass since he doesn't fucking die for some reason, always coming back for more. It's the fault of Rias and her dumb peerage for not killing him as soon as they could, or telling Sirzechs or anyone about him, but I'll say that he's persistent.

He was… surprisingly easy to piss off. I threw half-hearted trash talk his way and he almost went mental on me. I can't tell if I'm really good even without trying or he's never dealt with people who like talking shit before.

I was half-expecting that I was gonna have to reveal my magic. I knew I couldn't beat him without magic since his physical stats dwarf mine, and while interfering was risky, I knew it was the right choice.

He fucked off because he noticed the Yakuza watching him. I noticed them too while walking around, and I also noticed that they're watching me more than Haruka for reasons I don't know yet.

I wanted to increase my REP with Haruka because anyone this close to the Tojo like I am must have or know something important, something I can use. This Kiryu guy must've left her with good stuff I can take, maybe.

Yes, I know, a lot of assumptions, but doesn't it make sense?

If she doesn't have anything, then I got a moderately powerful friend who is probably able to improve by doing practically nothing. I'm sure being Kiryu's kid left her with a bunch of surprises. I don't think the devils were watching, so the risk I took would only lead to Haruka learning about my magic, and I'm 90% sure she already knows about the supernatural.

Besides, I knew the Yakuza were gonna scare him off anyway. They were following me intently.

Basically worth the "risk" in my opinion.

Also, Freed did have a punchable face. It felt so damn satisfying to break his nose.

Though, this is a little concerning. Is canon gonna start earlier? I remember it starting at least one month from now. Freed being here now isn't exactly reassuring, and him being so damn bold is even less so. Why did he target Haruka specifically?

Empty streets, no one here, and a pre-made encounter for him to grab her for a reason. He must know who she is and must've recognized me as well. What is he trying to accomplish by kidnapping Haruka? What's the purpose?

And does that mean the fallen are here too? So early? Asia? I barely have any knowledge to go off of.

There are multiple possibilities, but I lack evidence and clues.

"Thank you so much for inviting me, Akane-chan." Haruka bows with a smile. "I've had a lot of fun today, but I think it's getting a little late."

"Yeah, it's almost midnight." I nod. "I had fun too. We should do this again sometime."

Unfortunately, no quests popped up when we went through the arcade games.

"I agree." She says. "I'll be going now."

"Want me to walk you home?"

"No thanks. I think I'll be fine." She waves. "See you tomorrow!"

20 Reputation with Haruka Sawamura [25/100]

I watch her until she leaves my sight, my eyes narrowing as I walk home.

I need to investigate a little more. I know where their base is, though it's a little dangerous for me to go observe it alone. Maybe once I level up some more or something, get Ichi to walk with me there to 'explore the abandoned church'. Dumbass will eat it up and think of it as a dungeon or something.

I should really deal with the fallen before they become too much trouble...

Forgot to mention: gonna post a few pics of Akane and yakuza characters in the index tab soon.
Last edited: Dec 19, 2021
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, TheAmnisiac, Mufarasu and 352 others
Mirlnir
Sep 2, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 7: Learning the Ropes
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Sep 12, 2021
Add bookmark
#165
I was… admittedly a little too excited to sleep well last night. I try to keep these emotions in check, but actual training with an expert is something I've been wanting to do since the moment I got my magic.

I woke up very early, at six in the morning, quickly woke my mom up, who took thirty damned minutes to get up, then headed straight to wherever we're supposed to be training. School starts at 8:30, so we have a solid two-hour training session before we can leave.

I debated whether I should reveal my ID-Create, but thankfully she had a place. It wasn't that close, but not very far either. Took us around 25 minutes to arrive there on foot. Mizuki explained a little about herself, or more accurately, her relationship with the Tojo.

Turns out I was right. My father wasn't a regular grunt, but a patriarch of a powerful family. He was so respected that everyone under him bowed in his presence, though he didn't necessarily care if they did or not.

She said that he was very loyal to the clan, but when he had me, he left it to raise me alongside my mother. He thought that being too close with the Tojo would endanger me in some way.

I wanted to ask how he died, since being a lieutenant must mean he was powerful but had to drop the conversation since we arrived. It… didn't look as good as I thought it would.

I take a look around the 'training grounds' my mother chose: an abandoned warehouse where the lights keep flickering and dust everywhere you lay your eyes on. I scratch my cheek, and while I do agree that it's a nice, hidden place to train in, it's not… really optimal.

I grimace as I see a rat scurry over to the other side of the place, then turn my gaze to my mother. "So how did you find this place?"

"A friend's recommendation." She shrugs.

"Right…" I mutter. "And how are you sure the devils won't be able to sense what we're doing?"

"Because our friends are making sure of it." She smiles. "Magic concealing technology is pretty up-to-date. Not even the most magically attuned individuals will be able to sense us."

"Right, the Yakuza." I nod and was a little interested in what she said. "So they have technology?"

"Yep. Unlike other races, humanity isn't very good at magic. A few geniuses here and there, but nothing special to devil heirs or angels." She explained. "So instead of magic, they decided to improve their technology instead, seeing that Sacred Gears are fairly rare. Weapons, armor, other useful gadgets - all the good stuff you see in Sci-Fi movies and games."

"Well, if that's the case, then why bother in magic training?" I ask, genuinely curious. "Wouldn't it be better to switch to tech instead? We're human, after all."

Mizuki stares silently for a second then answers. "Not… fully."

I freeze, my brows furrowing a second later, almost not believing what I heard. Not fully? Not fully human, she means?

"What?

"We're humans, that's true," Mizuki confirms. "But we have a little Yokai blood in us."

...But I chose human in the selection menu. What's the meaning of this? I didn't choose anything else - just a regular human. Did the system malfunction or something? Was the choice an illusion, and the game ignored what I wanted for… whatever reason?

Can I get an explanation, please?

You are a human.​

Yeah, but I thought I was fully human, with no blood from different races. What's up with that?

Choosing human never specifies what sort of heritage you'll have.​

I-...

Huh...

"Oi, Akaneee." My mother waves her hand in front of my face. "You just spaced out all of a sudden. Are you alright?"

"Y-yeah, sorry," I reply, still confused.

"Heh, must be pretty shocking, right?" She grins. "Don't worry, your yokai blood is pretty weak, all things considered. I doubt you'll have trouble controlling your powers like I once had."

"That's reassuring, I guess." I sigh. "So what Yokai specifically?"

"A Yuki-no-Onna!" She says with gusto. "A very powerful one at that."

I blink, narrowing my eyes in thought. Alright, this is all oddly specific. Has it always been like this?

...Now that I think about it, some of the stuff I got in the selection menu has always been a part of this life somewhat.

As a kid, and even now, everything I picked up I was able to learn and master quite easily, from singing to playing the guitar, even brawling. It's all so oddly familiar to the Rising Star perk effects. I've also had no issues making friends - I've always drawn other people to me with ease, even if I act like a loner most of the time. Friendly Face perk.

Sin of Wrath can be explained by my short temper and my almost always picking fights. Yeah, connecting the stuff I got to what I went through in this life makes sense, so ice magic somehow leading to Yuki-Onna ancestry is plausible I think.

So... back then I wasn't making a 'character'.

I was making my own life.

5 Reputation with The Game [8/10]

Correct. You are quite sharp.​

Heh. Wasn't that hard to figure out if I'm being honest. The dots were there, I just needed to connect them.

"So is that why we have ice magic specifically?" I ask.

"Yeah. Unlike human magic, we retain our ancestor's special magic instead." She explains. "Regular humans have to use calculations. Regular Yokai use something called Youjutsu, and we have Magic that is similar to Demonic Magic called Ancient Youjutsu, though much stronger.."

"How so?"

"Well, first off, Ancient Youjutsu is extremely rare, even to Yokai, as it cannot be learned or taught. It's purely hereditary." Mizuki answers. "It's almost lost to history at this point, but very few are able to use it. Devils, on the other hand, are almost all born with Demonic Magic, even reincarnated ones.

"Devil Magic has an emphasis on imagination. Anyone who has a vast imagination and a good pool of magic is bound to be powerful." She continues. "And while Ancient Youjutsu tends to also need imagination and a good power source, most of their magical power stems from one thing."

All of this is genuinely interesting to learn. It's always good to know your weaknesses and strengths. What makes your enemy strong or weak. I knew that Yokai relied on Ki from my metaknowledge, but I didn't know they had their own special brand of magic until this point.

"And that is…?"

"Emotions." She crosses her arms. "Some emotions affect our magic. For example, being angry increases your power, being confident makes your spells sharper and better, and being afraid does the opposite of those."

"If I'm happy?"

"Nothing grand. You simply feel better while casting." She shakes her head. "Not all emotions show a vast difference. In fact, I doubt being angry would help you now."

"Huh?" I raise a brow in confusion. "Why? I thought I use Ancient Youjutsu. Why won't that apply to me?"

"Well, mostly because your heritage hasn't shown up yet." My mother says. "Though seeing as there's still Yokai blood in you, you're still able to use regular Youjutsu rather than human magic."

"Well… that's disappointing." I sigh. "I guess Youjutsu is similar to Devil Magic, then? Without the emotion-boost benefit?"

"Yup." She confirms. "Those two are barely different from each other, though Youjutsu isn't as versatile."

"I'm stuck with the weakest one, then."

"U-uh, no? There's still human magic…?" She grimaces slightly. "I mean, maybe you're a late bloomer?"

"When did your heritage show?"

"...w-when I was six?"

I look at her in bemusement as she chuckles nervously. I sigh and rub my neck, asking another question. "Let's say that I am a late bloomer. How do I know when it shows itself?"

"Hmm, well the most visible mark would be your eyes and hair." She replies. "Your pupils will change color to light blue, and your hair will have white-to-light blue streaks."

"Right, so why are you missing those signs?"

"I-I uh…" She gulps, unable to meet my eyes as she steps back. "Well…"

Oh great, another secret. I know being nice and understanding is necessary to increase my affection with her, but this is really starting to get on my nerves.

I cool myself down. "Whatever, let's start practicing already. We rambled on long enough."

"Oh yeah, sure. Let's start off with the first spell you learned." Mizuki clears her throat as I comply.

I create an Ice Needle hovering over my palm, showing it to her as she squints her eyes in thought. "Not really powerful, but it's the first thing I made."

"Yeah, this is fairly average for a first spell, all things considered." She nods. "Okay, now the strongest spell."

I dispel the needle and cast a bullet from the tip of my finger. Mizuki tilts her head slightly, confused from what I can see. "Could this be a bullet?"

"Yup," I confirm, shooting a nearby crate. "It's pretty strong, though it takes a lot more than the needle."

"Heh, a bullet spell is pretty advanced, y'know. Seeing that you can effortlessly cast it is pretty impressive." She notes with an approving smile. "Though, it's pretty rough. There's a lot of room for improvement, even for the needle. Show me another spell."

I shrug and cast a spear this time. "How about this?"

"Hm…" She hums, looking at my spell thoughtfully. "I can tell that making spells isn't hard for you, is it?"

"Eh, well, not really," I answer. "Usually takes about less than a minute. Any reason?"

"Hm, well, do you notice how rough they are?" She looks at me. "While yes, you are making advanced spells, they're fairly crude. You don't take time to refine them and they come out weaker than they're supposed to."

"Eh?" I blink in surprise. "Really?"

"Mhm, they're definitely good spells, but not as great as they could be." She nods. "How about we spend time refining what you have? I would teach you new spells, but you already have an advanced technique. Let's improve them, then we can learn the good stuff."

"...Sure, I suppose that makes sense." I agree. Won't say no to better versions of my spells. "So what do I need to do?"

"When casting a spell, you must have a clear image of what you're casting. Simply thinking 'spear' will result in an incomplete spell, like what you have right now." She explains. "Take your time, focus on your magic flow, and don't rush. Magic is a calm energy source, like a flowing river. Disrupting the calmness of it ends up with you having a harder time to control it."

I take her words to heart and close my eyes to focus, recasting the spear but slower this time. I do the same as I always do, but add more magic.

"No, no. That's overcharging your spell, not refining it." She says. "Don't fuel your spell with magic too fast. Give it some time, slowly pour your magic into it instead."

I sigh and do that, the image of a spear getting clearer in my head as seconds go by. It was a stranger feeling than usual - I feel even less mana being taken from me, yet the spell feels… better. Easier to cast, somehow.

"That's it." My mother quips. "Just a little longer. You're a very good learner."

I feel a smile creep up on my face, then slowly open my eyes to the final product. A notification from the game takes my attention for a little, and I couldn't be happier to see it. Spells really can be improved, and it's so easy too.

[Cryomancy: Ice Spear+4] - Spell

A basic, yet fairly decent spell used by almost every Cryomancer out there. A sharp, strong spear, reliable in taking down many different kinds of foes. Incredibly deadly when used by a very skilled Cryomancer.

Deals 200 + INTx2.9 Ice Damage

Costs 150 MP

A bit stronger and costs less. Definitely can see the benefits of refining spells, seeing how easy it is to do. The wings especially need an upgrade later once I get the time. I'd show it to Mizuki, but I feel like a spell that is complicated will make her suspicious. Maybe later once I'm more 'skilled'.

The Magic Control upgrade quest mentioned evolving a spell, but this doesn't seem to be it. I suppose it makes sense, evolving something implies a significant change, not a little damage boost.

"That's… wow, well done." She says in surprise. "You've refined it better than I expected. Much better."

"Now that I know the right way to do it, it's easy." I shrug, dispelling the spear. "So I just do the same to every other spell, right?"

"Yup."

"And do I gotta refine it until I can't anymore, or what?" I ask, hopefully getting an answer.

"Well…" She hums in thought, prompting me to lean closer. "There are other ways where you can improve spells, but it amounts to changing it. More like making a new spell than anything."

Could this be the evolution thing?

"And how do I do that?"

"Woah there, don't get too ahead of yourself. You're still a beginner," Mizuki replies with a shrug. "It's not possible until you've fully refined your spell, otherwise it'll end up as a failure, and you might hurt yourself."

"Oh?" I raise my brow in intrigue. "Can you explain a little more?"

"Of course. It isn't the same as refining, as this way of improving a spell could be different from person to person. For example, I once turned my Ice Spear spell into an Ice Trident instead, while another person could turn it into an Ice Halberd.

"In the end, that part of magic relies a lot on imagination and concentration." She continues. "Now, changing a spell doesn't mean you can't use the previous stage, it simply means you have a stronger, but more costly version of it. That's the gist of it, really."

"So can I change my spear spell into an axe or something?" I ask. "Or does it not work?"

"You can't exactly call it 'improving a spell' if it's wildly different." She chuckles. "To simplify it: you must use the previous stage as a base for the changed spell."

"Ah, yeah, that makes sense." I nod. So refine a spell to the max then evolve it I think. "I think I got my answers now. I'll keep refining my spells today, maybe we can start evolving them tomorrow."

"Sounds good to me." Mizuki agrees with a smile. "And when we're done with that, I can teach you some special tricks I know."

"Heh, looking forward to it," I respond with a grin.

All this has been very helpful. I've never gotten her help, I might've never learned about skill refining and evolution until much later on. It's definitely useful to know about it so early, seeing my Rising Star perk making it easy to learn and comprehend new stuff, so mastering them shouldn't be much trouble.

I can and will apply all of this to my wings in the dungeon once I'm done with school. I realize that going to dungeons during lunch break is pretty risky, so maybe whenever I lose whoever is following me I can enter it.

Better at home, too. Maybe when my mother leaves the house to do some stuff, or when she's asleep. Improving my AoE spells will make it easy to clean up the annoying archers whenever I restart earlier waves.

I give it a week of this and I'll be ready to deal with the Fallen, probably.



I stare at the classroom door, not looking forward to the reactions I'll be getting once I enter. I made a huge spectacle yesterday - I've probably earned another shitty nickname because of it. I don't regret what I did, I just hoped I was a little discreet about it. Maybe followed one of them home and beat the shit out of him in an alley or something.

Instead, I lost my shit and practically screamed "Hey, look at how violent I could be! Better not interact with me! Teehee!" as I grated one guy's face like it's cheese. Now everyone's gonna name me the 'human grater' or the 'balls crusher'.

Then my mother's gonna pick up on it and make fun of me for it until the day I die.

God fucking damn it.

I sigh. Oh well, all this is nothing more than mild annoyance if I'm being honest. Seeing where my life is headed, I'm pretty sure I won't have to deal with it a lot. Maybe. Hopefully. I think.

At least I've made good progress in today's training. Most of my spells are at +5 now, apparently the final level for some spells. For example, I was able to increase the spear spell up to 7+, but my lower-ranked Ice Skin spell can't go above 5+. So some spells have higher limits than others.

My spells feel a lot sharper and easier to use. Refining spells is pretty important I've discovered, even more so than making new ones. It's quality over quantity. You can have one spell that one-shots rather than a hundred spells that only damage a bit.

Better yet, a hundred spells that can all one-shot.

I've gotten a couple of ideas for evolutions too. I think I can improve Ice Skin to Ice Flesh or something, a defensive spell is a must-have seeing how low my HP is. Ice Skin wasn't really helpful in the dungeon all that much since it shatters easily.

I'm gonna improve my more advanced spells, like the repeater and wings while in a dungeon. From the description, those are supposed to be far above my level, and Mizuki might notice that something was odd. Hell, I got the wing spell from a gacha, I didn't make it myself.

I shake my head. I can brainstorm later, I have a class to attend.

The door slides open, everyone stopping what they were doing as they all lay their eyes on me. I scan the classroom, my eyes narrowing at Issei who flinches, quickly redirecting his gaze to something else. Haruka smiles softly and Ichiban nods in greeting.

The teacher wasn't here yet, and just as I closed the door behind me, almost every student there cheered. I flinch, not expecting the reaction as the female students approach me, thanking me profusely or asking me questions.

I was admittedly stunned, barely able to answer their questions as some shake my hand. I blink a few times, slowly enjoying the positive attention I'm getting. I finally smile as I understood why there's so much positive response, the opposite of what I expected.

"You have no idea how much those perverts harass us!" A girl says. "They take pictures of us changing, peek at us, and even tried to grope me a few times!"

"Oh, no, I did what any other girl here would do." I try to be humble.

"We've tried scaring them off more than once, but they always come back!" Another states. "I think you got the message across when we couldn't. Thank you so much, Amamiya-san! You're our knight in shining armor!"

Heh, this might not be so bad after all. I'd be lying if I said I don't like the attention, much different from what I'm used to.

"It's alright. I'm happy to help."

"Too bad this one here didn't suffer." One glares at Issei, who looks away uncomfortably. "Maybe we should finish the job."

"Any more would be overkill I think." I shrug, trying to gain an even more positive rep. "To be honest, I feel a little bad. I might have overdone it. I didn't mean to send them to the hospital."

10 Reputation with Issei Hyoudou [-5/100]

Oh wow, he believed me?

"You're too kind, Amamiya-san!" A student praises. "To think you'd feel sympathy for horrible people like them... You're like a princess straight out of a fairy tale!"

This immediately raised a fuckton of flags. Oh, I know where this is going, and I do not like it one bit. Please be wrong. I don't want another title.

"I-is that so?" My smile slowly turns into a grimace as I try to somehow change the subject. "Well, I appreciate the kind words but I think the teacher is-"

"That's it, you're the princess of the school!" Oh no. "Akane Amamiya-san, the Princess Knight of Kuoh Academy!"

...So when's Kokabiel gonna destroy the school?

I feel a vein in my forehead threatening to pop as I spot Ichi puff his cheeks, trying so hard to not laugh. Princess Knight alludes to something not very nice - I've scoured the internet a lot, it was fate that I'd stumble upon that considering my interests in anime and games.

And from Ichiban's reaction, he knows what it is too. My hands ball into a fist as I calm my nerves before I do something I regret. None of the girls seem to notice my inner conflict as I politely cut them off.

"Please never call me that," I say with a cold smile. "I feel undeserving of such a grandiose title. Either call me Amamiya or Akane."

"But-"

"I insist." I hiss.

Some of the girls finally notice, flinching as they nod frantically. Others didn't and just blinked in response, almost trying to convince me. Thankfully, the teacher enters the classroom and tells everyone to get to their seats.

I sigh deeply as I sit down, Ichi still trying hard to not laugh.

"Mention what happened here and I'll end your bloodline," I promise coldly, making him choke on his spit.

"I-I won't. I promise." He mutters. "...so you know what it is, too. Didn't think you'd be into that stuff, Akane."

"What was that?"

"Nuthin'." He replies quickly. "Nuthin' at all."

I stop myself from groaning. If my mother hears about this...

...I fucking knew this was gonna be a disaster.


(Ichiban)

"So you feeling better now?" Was the first thing he asked during lunch break, right after he and his friend moved the desks and chairs to be facing each other.

It was pretty rough on their first day, with Akane losing control like that. She's always been hotheaded for sure, though he did find her calmer these days. She lost her Kansai Accent from what he noticed and was a little quieter than what he remembered.

The same as she always has been, though. Sarcastic quips, lightly teasing him whenever he says or does something dumb, and her interests didn't change. Overall, she just seemed more mature than the first time he saw her.

Her brutality never wavered, though. He'd go as far as to say that it got worse. She crushed a defenseless guy's balls for god's sake, he had to intervene before she did something worse. At least that Hyoudou guy managed to run away.

Though, something was different about her physical appearance. He didn't notice it the day before, but she looked prettier. Much prettier. He wasn't sure if it was makeup or what, but she took his breath for a second when he saw her today.

He won't say that, of course. Otherwise, she's gonna start teasing him or maybe get the wrong idea. He could admit she looks beautiful, but it doesn't mean he's attracted to her like that.

...probably.

His friend right now looked to be daydreaming, staring off into space as he ate his lunch. She didn't bring any with her it seems, nor did she disappear like yesterday either. Her visible red eye glanced over at him with mild interest.

"Hm?"

"Y'know, after the whole thing yesterday." He elaborated.

"Ah." She nodded. "Yeah, I'm good. Had some time to think about this and all that."

"Did your mom lecture you again?" He questioned with a teasing grin.

"The dumbass is too much of a pushover to do that." Akane rolled her eyes.

"Do I gotta remind you of the time we blew up the Red Hounds' base?" His grin widened, making her pause. "You looked so embarrassed it was hilarious."

"You weren't safe from her either. You looked like you were about to cry." She scoffed.

"Heh, you can keep telling yourself that." Ichiban was unaffected by her response, then he leaned back. "But man, it feels like forever, doesn't it? From picking up fights with gangs to being students. Life's weird, backward almost."

She only chuckled a little as a response.

"Thinking about it, we were kinda dumb, weren't we?" He continued. "Don't know what possessed us to pick a fight with a whole gang there. They had guns and shit, and we just fucking yolo'd it anyway."

"I think you're giving yourself too much credit, Ichi. You were the dumb one, rushed in their base without a plan."

"I had that grenade I found!"

"And you didn't know if it was a dud or not." She glared. "You found the thing in the sewers for fuck's sake. We lived because it actually worked."

"Pfft, whatever." He scoffed. "I still saved us."

"Your ungodly luck did." She responded. "You're still a moron for charging in like that."

"Hey, wasn't your uncle around?" He countered. "We've seen how good Akiyama is at fighting. Guy could've taken care of the entire gang on his own while asleep. We weren't in any real danger."

"Now you're trying to justify your dumbassery." She said fondly with a grin. "Classic Ichi. Never change."

He was about to deny that but wasn't sure if it was a compliment or an insult, such is how his best friend works. The fondness in her tone contradicted the sentence, which confused him for a bit.

Was she being nice or rude? This girl switches between the two with every word, and it astonished him. Instead of replying, he accepted the 'compliment' and sighed, right before a third voice spoke next to them.

"Um, excuse me?"

Ichiban and Akane turned to the voice, the girl with the ponytail. Haruka if he remembers correctly, looked at them shyly.

"Is it fine if I join you two?"

The two looked at one another and silently communicated before Akane nodded with a soft smile. "Sure."

"Thanks!" She smiled back, and Ichiban couldn't help but notice how cute she looked.

She brought her chair and sat to the side, bowing her head. "Thank you for helping out last night, Akane-chan."

"Eh?" Ichiban blinked in confusion.

"I told you, it's fine." Akane shrugged. "Always happy to help a classmate-"

Doubt.

"-couldn't just leave that asshole harassing you."

"You know each other?" He questioned.

"Took a walk last night, and saw some punk harassing her," Akane explained. "Scared him off and we hung out. Nothing special, really."

"Yeah. We've had a lot of fun, too." Haruka added.

"And you couldn't be bothered to invite me?" Ichiban glared at his best friend. "And here I thought you liked me."

"How the hell was I supposed to do that?" She challenged, crossing her arms. "I don't even know where you live."

"Call me!"

She blinked. "You have a phone?"

"Of course I-" He froze, realizing that he only got his phone a few months ago. "...Riiight."

"Dumbass."

"Look, I forgot, alright?" He rubbed his neck, a little flustered. "Lay off."

"You um…" Haruka tried to quip. "You seem to know each other."

"We met in Kamurocho a few years ago," Akane answered. "Though, haven't seen him since I left. Until yesterday that is."

"Kamurocho?" She blinked.

"Yup." He nodded. "You live there too?"

"Eh? No, I live in Okinawa, but I've visited Kamurocho before." She clarified. "...far too many times than I would've liked…"

The two blinked.

...Ominous.

"Heh, so this is our first time in Kuoh." He changed the subject. "Then that means we gotta stick together, right? Since we're new here, why don't we explore the town after school?"

"...Sure, I don't have anything better to do." His best friend shrugged after a bit. "How about you, Haruka?"

The girl in question stared silently for a few seconds then smiled warmly. "Sure, that'd be grand."

"Great!" He grinned. "Where should we go? Arcade? Karaoke?"

"We'll think of something once school's over," Akane said.

It was then that the bell rang as lunch break finally ended. All returned to their classes and seats, Ichiban being unable to keep the smile off his face. Finally, something to do and a possible new friend, a cute girl at that.

He expected a boring year when he got here, but then was surprised to see an old friend and delighted once he got along with another student.

He won't mind going to school if it meant hanging out with his friends like this every day.



Once school was over, Akane had told him that she was going home to change, and so did Haruka. He was fine with the school uniform, it looked nice. The male ones, at least.

He could see why Akane didn't wear the female uniform. Aside from the skirts being too short, the uniform itself was fairly tight. He'll admit that yes, the 'view' was nice even if he tried to keep his eyes away.

They agreed to meet near the school's gates, so all Ichiban had to do was wait. He took out his phone and scrolled through multiple sites, looking around on game news websites for anything that might interest him.

Throughout his bleak life as a street rat, one thing kept Ichiban a bit hopeful, and it was surprisingly video games. Once he was old enough to get his own apartment - bless his foster father's soul for the help - he'd always be on the lookout for new games.

His favorite game being Dragon Quest of course. He wasn't necessarily picky - he enjoyed all kinds of games from mechanic-heavy RPGs to simple sidescrollers, but nothing came close to capturing his heart as much as Dragon Quest did.

It was another thing that he bonded with Akane over. Though she doesn't share a lot of his tastes, she's also shown him a lot of games that stuck in his mind, most of them were western too. From stuff like God of War to GTA.

He didn't like what she calls 'strategy games' though. He loves fast-paced and interactive mechanics more than just waiting around and clicking stuff.

Ichiban slid his phone back into his pocket after a few minutes of searching, finding nothing was worth noting.

He caught something at the corner of his eyes - it was Haruka, who wore a red shirt underneath an open white hoodie. She greeted him with a small bow and a polite smile. "Sorry if I kept you waiting, Kasuga-kun."

"I don't mind." He shrugged with a grin. "And you can call me Ichiban if you want."

"If you insist." She nodded. "You can call me by my given name, too."

"Heh, don't mind if I do."

"Becoming friends already?" His best friend said, prompting the two to look at her. "Since when did you become a people's person, Ichi?"

He expected the same outfit she always wore: the black and red jacket with an eastern dragon on the back, jean shorts, and the red shirt. That gave her the punkish look he always knew, which complimented her boyish personality pretty well.

Instead, it was different. A thin red coat with fur trims and cuffs, a black button-down shirt, and black pants that looked… admittedly a little tight, which may or may not have brought her curves out a little more.

Yeah, she looked a lot different, even her sense of fashion changed a little. It's a shame she didn't wear that kickass jacket, though. He even tried to borrow it once because of how cool it looked.

"I was just being nice. That doesn't mean I'm good at socializing." He shrugged. "You're the social butterfly."

"It's a curse." She deadpanned, crossing her arms. "People can get insufferable."

"Yeah, yeah, you said that before." He waved it off. "C'mon, Arcade isn't gonna find itself."

"Of course it's the arcade." Akane rolled her eyes.

"Hey, I haven't visited Kuoh's arcade yet, okay?" He reminded her, acting a little defensive. "I just want to see how different it is to Kamurocho's."

"Ichi, it's all Sega." She sighed. "Literally the same thing. It's not gonna be different."

"You don't know that!"

Ichiban started arguing as their newest friend giggled quietly at their bickering. He wasn't gonna lie, but Haruka looked a bit familiar, even if he was sure he never met her before. The name rang bells the first time he heard it, though he kept his mouth shut since he didn't know from where exactly.

Akane doesn't seem to know her either, and if she did, she didn't show it. He always viewed his best friend as someone who was well-versed in current internet culture as a whole. She practically knew everything at the time, though to her, it looked like he was living in a cave. In a way, she's right.

He only very recently got himself a phone after all. The only electronics he had were his gaming console, a tiny ass TV, and a microwave. Getting one was life-changing, especially after surfing the web so much. Akane once laughed at him for being "An old fart in a kid's body" due to his ignorance.

Regardless, he had a feeling about Haruka - she wasn't a regular person. Her eyes were warm and kind, but they also felt kinda… old and tired. It reminded him of Arakawa somewhat. She wasn't quite faking her amusement, but there was weariness in her look anyway.

He wasn't sure what exactly is up with that, but he hoped she'll be fine. From the few hours he's known her, she's been very kind and polite. He liked her, as he never felt her being insincere. She was truly genuine.

Ichiban was glad to have made a friend like her so fast. Maybe making friends wasn't that hard after all.


(Akane)

To be honest, I didn't want to go along with them since I wanted to develop my magic spells some more in the dungeon, but I had to since I wanted to increase my REP with Ichi and Haruka. Ichiban's REP increased to 60 and Haruka's to 35. It's always good getting allies, especially ones with secrets.

I still don't know what made Ichiban far more powerful than any regular human. It has to do with this Arakawa person, which I haven't found much about on the internet. Haruka is related to the legendary Dragon of Dojima, so anyone would want to get close to her.

Maybe find secrets about the Tojo or something. Worth a try, and seeing how surprisingly easy it is to increase her REP, I think there won't be a lot of risks. It's also been easy to increase Ichi's, so why not?

...Alright, I'll admit it, I did have fun messing around with the two. Haruka's been pleasant and polite to talk to, and it doesn't feel like she's faking it. I expected a lot of arrogance from a former idol, but she's been humble the whole time.

Ichiban never changed a lot. He's only matured a bit, doesn't seem as rash or hot-blooded as before, and is still fun to tease. His physical appearance is the only notable change. A few inches taller than I remember, that ridiculous hair, and it looks like he's been working out. He was kinda scrawny back then.

We've had fun at the arcade, karaoke, and the batting center, even if I was a little hesitant about that last one. You don't know what sort of high-ranking yakuza hangs around that place. I'd rather not bump into one again, even after knowing how important I am to them. Almost had a heart attack that time.

Once we were done with our fun, we decided to have dinner, which went as normally as you'd expect. We would've ended it there, but then Haruka suggested we stop by a cafe for a chat, and I thought why not.

"So after those guys interrupted us, we made a temporary truce and kicked their asses instead," Ichiban said, telling the story of how we met. "It was kinda hard since we were already tired, but we scared them off."

"Oh?" Haruka looks interested. "Then?"

"I dunno, we just hit it off, I guess." He shrugs. "It was weird - we were literally about to kill each other, then we let off some steam on those morons and became friends."

"You still owe me, Ichi." I quip casually. "I paid dinner for the both of us that time. Where's the money?"

"I-it's been years- how the hell do you still remember that?!!" He looks at me in shock.

"Money is money," I say simply. "Now hand it over."

"Aren't you rich?" He tries to argue. "You don't need a couple of hundred Yen, do you?"

"A couple of hundred?!" I scowl at the absurdity of his statement. "I paid tens of thousands you dipshit! It was Korean BBQ! That stuff isn't cheap!"

"Thousands don't make a dent on your wallet." He sneers back. "Stop being so stingy! It's already been years damn it!"

"I'm teaching you that people don't forget what they're owed." My eyes narrow. "Now give it here or I'll shove your wallet so far up your ass you might as well be the first-ever human ATM."

"Ugh… fine." He relents, fishing out his wallet.

The amused giggle of our third member catches our attention. The both of us turn to look at Haruka, who puts her teacup back on the table.

"You two are really close, aren't you?"

I blink. "I suppose."

"We've known each other for a long time." He added. "We might not have spent a lot of time together at the time, but we made the most of it. Heh, every moment was a thrill back then."

"Oi, people might get the wrong idea, dumbass." I deadpan. "We were close, but not that close."

"I didn't mean it that way!" He scowls, cheeks burning red at the implication. "God, can you stop saying that stuff? You know exactly what I meant!"

"Yeah." I grin. "Still funny to call you out on it."

"Tsk, whatever." He sighs, then turns back to Haruka. "What about you, Haruka? Do you have anyone close?"

"My siblings." She nods. "I live in an Orphanage with a lot of other kids. I'm the oldest one, so I'm doing my best to get to a good college since we don't have a lot of support right now."

"Heh, you're responsible." Ichiban compliments with a smile. "Must be pressuring, though. Is that why you got into Kuoh? Cuz it's a pretty good school."

I notice a tiny wince from Haruka, making me hum quietly. Does she know something?

"Y-yes, I think graduating from Kuoh Academy will help me immensely." She confirms. "And I don't feel much pressure. I'm confident I can get a good job in the future. I'm just worried that they're gonna struggle because I take too long."

I try to look interested and sympathetic, though I couldn't help but groan on the inside. So dumb. If I was in her place, I would've just given them the middle finger as I lived my own life. Tying myself to emotions like this is only gonna bring me down.

Think and live for yourself, not others. Otherwise, what's the point?

"...You know, if you need any help, we can lend a hand." Ichiban offers with a confident smile, and I couldn't help but pause at the 'we'.

...I don't like this.

"Eh?" Haruka blinks.

"Yeah. I personally know some people that might be able to help if I try really hard to convince them." He says, then points at me. "And this girl here is richer than all of Kuoh Academy combined."

Oh for fuck's sake.

"Oi, don't go around spouting people's wealth like that." I frown in annoyance. "The money isn't even mine in the first place."

"And you think your mom is gonna ignore a chance to help some children in need?" He crosses his arm.

I open my mouth to argue, then realize that he has a point. "Fair. Knowing her, she'd be all over Haruka right now."

"Y-you really don't have to." She stands up from her chair, looking a bit flustered. "I appreciate it, really! But I can handle this on my own."

"You don't have to, though." He shrugs. "We're willing to help, and it's okay to take us up on our offers. If you're really in need, then don't shy away from asking for help."

She looks at the two of us, most likely touched by this gesture, then a warm smile takes over her face as she sits down. "Thank you. I'm… very glad to have met you two."

"Hehe, anytime!"

10 Reputation with Ichiban Kasuga [70/100]

20 Reputation with Haruka Sawamura [55/100]

Oh.

Well, thanks Ichiban. Did all the work for me.

I pull out my phone and check the time, frowning slightly. It's late - checking up on that abandoned church is probably a bad idea now. Better do it in daylight instead, safer that way.

Oh well, guess I can spend the rest of the night grinding my spell levels in the dungeon, maybe finally finishing the last wave.

"I think I've had enough fun today," I state, getting up from my seat, giving them a small smile. "It's been great hanging out, but I have to get home."

"Me too." Haruka nods. "I've had so much fun today. Thank you, Ichiban-kun, Akane-chan."

"Already?" Ichiban raises a brow.

"We're in school, Ichi." I deadpan. "That means studying and sleeping early."

"Oh right." He chuckles sheepishly. "Guess I gotta head back too, then."

"Oh don't sound so disappointed." I wink. "You'll see me tomorrow anyway."

A strangled noise leaves his throat as he blushes a little, making Haruka giggle. "T-this wasn't about you."

"I'm sure," I say, then give them a wave. "See you."

I walk away, almost skipping steps as I wonder what the rewards for the final wave will be. They gotta be powerful, right? I've been getting meh stuff the last few waves, so the final one must make up for it all.

Though, I'm more interested in improving my other, powerful spells, like the Crystal Wings spell. I need to refine it more, make it actually useable and not just a 5 minutes flight spell. It acts as a good shield for sure, but 20k is probably nothing compared to the real heavy hitters like Sirzechs.

I need more power if I want to survive. Improve as much as I can with my mother's help. A legendary assassin must have a lot of tricks worth learning after all, and I'm not just talking about magic. Assassins in DxD must have some special abilities that I can learn.

Can't wait till I get some kickass killing moves…



First thing I did was obviously refine my Crystal Wings, leveling them up to +3 from the get-go, which increased the time limit to 11 minutes, decreased the cooldown to 25 minutes, and increased its armor potency to 27,000. This is already a huge upgrade, much better than it was unrefined. I don't know what refining limit this spell has, but I'm hoping for something like 10+.

Then I decided to improve my walls, towers, and turrets for a better base. Same with traps actually. I've refined most of my current spells until I couldn't, increasing their potency significantly. The wings spell is the only one I struggle with since I need to wait for the cooldown.

Though, I think this is enough refining. I'm confident I can take on the final wave and win. I'm a little worried about possible difficulty spikes, but my improved bullets can take it. There's one more wave before that I haven't finished, though, it can be the warm-up wave.

I created my castle, making repeaters here and there seeing that I've improved them a lot. Instead of 3 seconds per shot, it's 1.5 now. Twice as fast, and it deals a good bit of damage. I made 12 all around the little fortress, then filled the outside with traps.

I crack my knuckles and roll my neck, feeling a little excited. Alright, here goes.

Wave start

Defeat 5 Zombie Paladins, 100 Zombie Soldiers, 50 Zombie Archers, 45 Zombie Mages [0/200]

Rewards: 1 Epic Gacha Token, 5 Minor Life Potions, Paladin Shield, 5 Greater Stat Crystals, 500 Credits

That… is a lot of paladins.

I do the smart thing first and quickly take out the mages, as their fireballs hurt my castle walls a lot. Some walls and towers fell since I couldn't kill them fast enough, but overall, they did minimal damage.

My wings were doing an amazing job of protecting me from incoming arrows, which is why I ignore them for now as I turn my focus on the Paladins. Some began charging, ramming into my ice walls and shattering them with ease.

Tiny ice spheres form around me before soaring at the Paladins faster than the eye could see, penetrating their armor and ending them quite easily. Finally, all that remained are the archers, which were easily taken care of.

Not gonna lie, when I turned to look at them, I saw that half of them were already dead. My repeaters and traps did incredible in shaving off their numbers. Tower Defense really is the way to go.

Once done, I smile. That was easy, though I've deliberately over-prepared for it. There's no such thing as Overkill after all.

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

Proceed to next wave?

Level up x12

I take out the rewards, of course starting with the stat crystals. Two LUK, two CHA, and one STR. I'd have preferred END or DEX, but oh well. Good enough I suppose.

I snap the token, and a weird, dark blue colored bottle appears in my hand. I raise a brow as I inspect it up close. I can feel… something inside. My senses aren't that good yet, but whatever this thing is, it's very powerful.

I take out the shield and life potion from my inventory, then use observe on everything. The potions were a glass bottle with a colorful liquid, and the shield was similar to the one the zombie paladins used, though in a better condition.

Surprising. I expected another Cryomancy item, but maybe I can use it later.

[Minor Life Potion] - Item

A potion filled with the Essence of Life, a powerful source of energy that can give birth to life-filled planets. Although extremely diluted, it is a useful item.

Restores 10% of HP, MP and SP

[Paladin Shield] - Item

A shield belonging to a Paladin, a warrior of light and the protector of innocents. Created with decent metal and enchanted by the light of certain gods, then given to noble individuals.

Negates 20% of overall damage when blocked with. Becomes 30% when the attack is filled with darkness/unholiness.

[Spinel Tonic] - Item

Pure lunar energy turned into liquid, this tonic gives the drinker a massive increase in power. It is risky, however, as it could turn anyone who drinks it addicted, suffering from heavy withdrawal symptoms and even madness. Drink with caution.

Increases all stats by 120% for 2 minutes, and gives the user temporary lunar abilities

Once the effects wear off, there's a 20% chance to be inflicted with [Lunar Affliction]

Alright, the Tonic is a last resort item, then. I don't know if this Lunar Affliction can affect me with Gamer's Mind, but it's always better to be safe than sorry. I'll keep this in hand whenever I need it.

I do think it's a good drop, though. A 120% increase is immense, even if it's only 2 minutes. I don't know what these Lunar Abilities are, but they gotta be powerful. Moon power is always strong from what I know.

I spend the time rebuilding my stuff, and even enhancing the base seeing that the final wave might be really dangerous. The difficulty spike is worrying - 200 mobs is a lot. More EXP, sure, but I'd rather not get overwhelmed and killed.

I also kept the wings' time limit in mind. I only have four minutes before it dispels. I need to make this quick.

With an enhanced base, I take a deep breath, then start the final wave.

Wave start

Defeat: 1 Lich, 2 Paladin Zombies, 7 Zombie Mages, 100 Zombie Soldiers, 50 Zombie Archers, 15 Zombie Knights [0/175]

Rewards: 2 Random Cryomancy Spellbooks, 1 Grand Stat Crystal, 2 Greater Stat Crystals, 1000 Credits, [Undead Slayer] Title, Frost Katana

A lich?

In the distance, I see the 'boss'. A floating, rotten corpse wearing tattered robes with a glowing staff in its hand. The Paladins and Mages acted as guards, sticking close to it as the rest charged at the ice fortress. He's too far, I can't use Observe on him from here.

Most were taken care of by the traps and repeaters, and I quickly focused on the boss, shooting it with multiple bullets. The staff in its hand flickered, and a purple barrier formed around it and its guards.

I frown in annoyance as I try to break this barrier with more spells. Bullets and spears struck it, and there was progress as cracks began to show up, but then it charged another spell. The staff swirled in magical energy, a purple fireball igniting above it as the lich launched it at me.

I felt something was off about it and quickly flew away, and it was the right decision as the fireball decimated the fortress, swallowing it whole and leaving nothing but scorched earth behind. My jaw drops as I look at the Lich, admittedly intimidated.

...Yeah, no.

I pull out Angel's Sorrow, newly dubbed 'GFR' or 'Get Fucked Revolver' and pull the trigger. The force once again pushes me backward, but not as hard as before as I catch myself from flying too fast.

As you'd expected, the lich, along with the paladins and mages, got deleted. There was a fucking crater where they stood too, making me chuckle at the absurdity. This gun is insane.

Kinda anticlimactic, but hey, I'm not dumb. It's easier to just end them like this.

I took care of the remaining weaker soldiers before landing on the ground with a smile. I'm so glad I got this gun.

...My wrist still hurts a bit, though.

Wave complete

Rewards added to inventory

[Undead] Dungeon Completed!

[Plant] Dungeon Unlocked!

Alert: You are not high enough level to enter the [Plant] Dungeon. Level 150 Required

Level up x16

I dismiss the dungeon message as I see the level requirement. Still not even level 100, close, but not there yet. Guess I'm gonna need to grind here instead somehow, without alerting anyone.

Kinda annoying.

No Gacha Token, which is strange. Got them almost every wave, so what gives? Oh well, I think the Cryomancy Spellbooks will have to do, and a Frost Katana, now that's something. Also, my first ever title, which I don't see being useful since there's not a lot of undead in DxD.

The first thing I do is use the crystals of course. A grand crystal is a 50 points increase, meaning 100 due to my perk, and amazingly, it's a DEX one. The other two greater crystals are END and LUK. This is great - one hundred stats at once?

I love my perks.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 93

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Cryomancer - LVL 93/100 [11%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 0/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 1900 [190 per minute]

MP - 9300 [5580 per minute]

SP - 1900 [190 per minute]

STR - 190

END - 190

DEX - 240

INT - 930

WIS - 930

CHA - 330

LUK – 190

I take out the Cryomancy spellbooks, which looked almost identical. A thin book with an arctic blue cover, a white snowflake symbol on the front. I blink a few times, thinking I got the same spell twice, but then I used Observe on them.

[Cryomancy Spellbook: Frost Cloak] - Item

A Cryomancy Spellbook detailing the process of using the Frost Cloak spell.

Requirement: Journeyman Rank in [Ice Magic Control]

[Cryomancy Spellbook: Frozen Soldier] - Item

A Cryomancy Spellbook detailing the process of using the Frozen Soldier spell.

Requirement: Adept Rank in [Ice Magic Control]

Oh? I can learn the Ice Soldier spell, and I'm assuming it's a literal soldier that can protect me? That's incredibly useful. It's basically a summoning spell disguised as a Cryomancy one. Ice Magic is so overpowered, and I love it so much.

Let's see what else I got.

[Frost Katana] - Item

An impressive katana enchanted by a wandering frost wizard, giving it an icy edge.

Deals 275 + STRx4 Physical Damage + 200 Ice Damage

Eh, decent I suppose. Compliments my skillset very well I'd say.

Finally, the title.

[Undead Slayer] - Title

You've slaughtered many of the undead to the point of becoming an expert. Whether it's through magic or weapons, you've had your fair share of killing these abominations, enough that you have a special edge against them.

Passive: You are 50% resistant to undead diseases and curses

Active: You deal 25% more damage against undead creatures, as well as take 25% less damage from them

Huh, I assume the active buff means when I have it on the stat sheet? If so, then that's good. At least I get the passive boost all the time.

Well, since I've finished the dungeon, I think I can go back home. I feel a little tired if I'm being honest.

I snap my fingers and dispel the dungeon, returning to the real world. I was pretty far from home, in an abandoned construction site since I needed an open place to train in. It did well, and any damages I caused in the dungeon don't reflect on the real world, so I can rest easy.

I stretch my limbs a little as I walk home, taking out my phone as I scroll through interesting forums. I went through different wikis to look for ice spell ideas, from D&D to WoW. Hey, I might find something I can recreate.

I should ask Ichi for ideas too. He's a fan of Dragon Quest, he must know a few spells or something. The nerd will probably even brainstorm because he thinks it's cool.

A cold gust of wind makes me shiver a little, a frown taking over my face as I slow my pace.

...This feels oddly familiar.

I flinch as I sense something approaching, quickly rolling out of the way, dodging something as I turn around with a scowl, only for me to pause as I take in its familiar appearance. A grotesque, centaur thing holding two spears, which my previous memories recognize as Viser, the first Stray Devil introduced in DxD.

"You dodged." She grins. "And it seems you have fight left in you. Oh, how I love prey like you~!"

I click my tongue in annoyance as I glance at the puddle of acid.

"What a beautiful smell…" She cackles madly. "I wonder what you taste like…?"

"Too bad you're never finding that out," I respond as spears of ice form around me.

Name: Viser

Title: Acid Squirter

HP – 15,000

MP - 10,000

SP - 12,000

Race – Corrupted Devil

LVL - 120

STR - 310

END - 225

DEX - 190

INT – 65

WIS – 35

CHA – 25

LUK – 10

I almost laughed at the title. Fucking ridiculous.

It's significantly stronger than the stray I dealt with, but I'm stronger too. I'm faster and my magic damage is devastating. I can win easily.

I cast Ice Skin as the spears soar towards her, but surprisingly, she was able to block and parry the attacks with her own spears. I narrow my eyes as I switch to bullets instead, and this hurt her a lot.

She cries out in pain as a bullet goes through her front leg, growling in anger as she shoots more acid with her breast. I scrunch my face in disgust and quickly dodge, not really taking this seriously. How can I? What kind of power is "acid nipples"?

Fucking Ishibumi…

Seeing that the bullets are working, I keep shooting this gross moron, shaving off a lot of her HP in mere seconds. She screams loudly, demonic magic circles opening up near her, prompting me to crouch and summon a wall.

The magic coming out of the circles barely does anything to my ice wall, though a spurt of acid melts through it easily. With an annoyed scowl, I aim right at where it hurts, then unleash a barrage of bullets at her top half, blood splattering everywhere as she loses her acid ability right there and then..

It screams in agony, shaking in fear seeing that she really can't do much. I smirk, taunting her with a 'Come at me' gesture, which worked wonders as she charged with a snarl.

She barely had any HP left. A few more shots and she's dead.

I point my hand at her in a finger gun, a small glow forming at the tip of my finger. Right as I was about to shoot, a red blur came flying, making me flinch. I blink, the beast being sent flying to the other side as my uncle turns around, giving me a thumbs up.

"Don't worry, Akane-chan." He assures me. "You're safe now. I won't let it get near you."

...

"...uh…" I scratch my cheek awkwardly. "Thanks, but I kinda had it covered already."

He looks at me in confusion. "What?"

"Yeah, I was sorta kicking its ass," I reveal. "That thing was weak as hell. I was right about to kill it before you showed up."

"Ah…" He chuckles sheepishly. "I-is that so? There goes my cool moment, then."

The stray struggles to get up, groaning and moaning in pain. My uncle sighs, walking over to it as I follow him. "Guess you know what this is?"

"Yep, stray devil." I answer, looking down at it with pure apathy. "Kaa-san told me about them last night."

"That makes things easier." He replies, then whispers under his breath. "...Looks like she's too far gone…"

"Hm?"

"Nothing." He shakes his head. "I suppose all we can do now is put her down."

"Sure." I nod, aiming a bullet at her with my finger. "Might as well make it painless."

5 Affection with Shun Akiyama [25/100]

"That'd be best."

With that, I shoot it, the bullet going through its brain and instantly killing it. It falls down on the ground, limp and unmoving as life leaves its body.

Level up x2

Nice~

"...I guess I have some explaining to do?" I say awkwardly.

"Heh." He smiles. "Make that the two of us."

It was happening eventually, telling my uncle everything. I'm not really mad or annoyed about it - I had a feeling it was happening soon anyway.

I don't know what a stray devil was doing here - you'd think the yakuza would've taken care of it a long time ago, but eh, I suppose it's for the best. I got two levels out of her after all. Five more and I max out Cryomancy.

And I finally get to learn what my uncle really does for a living - where he got so much power, and what he can teach me.

From learning how my magic works to finishing up my first dungeon, and then to this.

All in all, I think this has been a very productive day.
Last edited: Dec 23, 2021
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, TheAmnisiac, Mufarasu and 374 others
Mirlnir
Sep 12, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 8: Reintroduction
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Oct 23, 2021
Add bookmark
#197
I'm mature enough to admit I'm a spoiled girl.

From the moment I've been born up to now even, I've always been given everything I wanted. From clothes, games, to even traveling. My mother is a pushover, and my father was even worse than her. He likes to exaggerate stuff, one time almost buying a private jet for me.

And I'm not gonna act all bashful about it - I loved every moment of it. I adored the attention my parents have given me, and I acted a little spoiled as a child too. I wasn't a bully or anything of that sort, as I was taught to do the right thing, but I loved sticking my nose where it didn't belong.

It's simply how children act, though I was admittedly more annoying than them. I never kept to myself and was loud too. Opposite of what I've become, from a hyperactive annoying child to a quiet loner.

I snort at the memory.

"What's so funny?" My uncle asks me.

"Nothing," I answer, putting the chopsticks down. "Just reminiscing about the past."

I've outgrown that mindset after my dad passed away and acted a little rebellious once I hit puberty, but I still like how I'm treated. Five-star restaurants almost twice a week, expensive clothes, and a large allowance aren't things I can just decline.

So who am I to say no to my uncle after he offered to talk over sushi? He brought it up for a reason after all, and rejecting the offer is rude. Besides, I am hungry, so might as well eat my fill of Kuoh's best sushi place.

"Heh, what would you be reminiscing about?" He grins. "The last guy you beat up?"

"Is that your way of saying I should keep it to old folk like you?" I raise a brow.

"I'm not old."

"Yeah, you're not," I smirk. "You're what, forty-one? That's not old, that's ancient."

"Straight for the gut, huh?" He sighs, rubbing the back of his head. "You never mince your words."

"If it makes you feel better, you don't look that old," I shrug. "I'd say thirty-two? Or something. I say you still have a chance with Kaa-san."

"That's not the issue here," He groans.

"Though, her type is the scary-looking guys, the ones that look angry all the time," I continue to tease him. "And frankly, you're far from scary-looking. So good luck with that."

"And what do you think I look like?" He tries to change the subject, amusing me greatly.

"Smug," I respond. "You always look like you know something nobody else does."

"Is that a good thing?"

"It makes me want to punch you in the face."

"Guess not," He chuckles. "Well, I'll take it as a compliment. Not the worst thing you said about me."

"I'll stop being mean if you want me to," I remind him.

"It's alright, I know you don't mean it anyway," He waves it off. "You want to order more?"

"Nah, I'm full," I stretch my arms with a satisfied sigh. "Food always tastes better when someone else pays for it."

"I'm sure."

I turn my gaze to inspect the restaurant we're in, seeing the dozens of people eating and chatting away. After dealing with the stray, Akiyama made a call to someone before inviting me out to eat. I asked who it was that he spoke to but simply said that someone will come over to clean up the place.

I shrugged and thought nothing of it. Likely a Yakuza, seeing that my uncle probably knows who they are and that he's their ally or friend. Him being a close friend of my parents proves that with my dad seemingly being a lieutenant.

And I doubt the Yakuza would let someone as powerful as him near me if he's not trustworthy. Though, I'm not sure what he is to them. Is he also a Yakuza? If yes, what is he, a lieutenant? Captain? Patriarch?

If not, how did he get so strong, and what faction is he a part of? I'm sure he's gonna tell me everything now, hopefully everything. There's always the chance of people hiding certain stuff from me, like my mother and her assassin background.

"I'm sure you're curious about what you saw earlier," He starts, prompting me to look back at him.

"Aren't you?" I raise a brow. "Believe it or not, I was kicking its ass like nothing. Not exactly normal for a schoolgirl to manhandle monsters like that."

"Fair, but I have context. I've been in this business for years," he says. "You deserve answers more than I do."

"...Should we be talking here?" I ask, glancing at the other people.

"Don't worry, this restaurant is owned by the Majima Family." He assures me. "Only normal people and Yakuza are here. It's safe."

"If you say so." I trust his words and get back on topic. "I guess my first question would be straightforward. Who are you exactly?"

"Heh, reintroduction? I'm Shun Akiyama, CEO of Sky Finance," He says. "...and the treasurer of the Geomijul."

Okay, I've never heard of this specific organization before, and the name sounds… Korean I believe? Some sort of mafia, or something else altogether?

"Geomijul?" I frown.

"It's a secret organization that only a few know about," He explains. "The three factions alongside a lot of other mythology factions don't know about its existence, and we're trying very hard to keep it that way."

"Why?" I ask. "What's the purpose of it? Is it like a secret weapon or something?"

"The opposite," He shakes his head. "The Geomijul was made for people who don't want to be involved with the supernatural. Sacred Gear users and half-humans mostly.

"It was formed by Seong-hui, a Sacred Gear user, so that people who have nowhere to go can live normal lives if they want, to escape from people hunting them down for their powers and abilities," He continues. "There's no telling what would happen if the other factions knew about it, so it's hidden deep in Ijincho, where no one will be able to find it."

I'm assuming the people hunting means devils? They're the only people who do that stuff as far as I know. Though, I'm not sure if Akiyama hates them as much as my mother does, or if he hates them at all. Mother told me that the yakuza - supposedly the good guys - made a deal with the devils and temporarily gave them Kuoh, though they're still being monitored.

And from what I saw so far, they're doing a good job. If this restaurant is owned by the Tojo, then wouldn't a lot of other places be the same? So they have eyes almost everywhere, and that's slightly worrying. I need to be careful when going to dungeons. Would be pretty hard to explain how I suddenly pop in and out of existence in different locations.

Though, now that I think about it, I didn't feel like someone was following me back home today after school. I know the devils would likely do that, so they got scared off? Maybe? I can figure it out later.

"And you're part of them?" I question, absorbing the information. "When did you join?"

"Two decades ago, give or take a few years," He answers. "I was approached due to my Sacred Gear, like any other person in my position."

"You have a Sacred Gear?" My eyes widen a little. "What is it?"

"Heh, that's what gets your attention?" He smiles in amusement. "Yes, I have one. It's the Sacred Gear with the power of the Vermilion Bird, Suzaku. Burning Rebirth."

"One of the Four Gods," To say I was surprised would be an understatement. "What does that make you?"

"A human," His smile widens. "Albeit one with a lot of power."

"I suppose," I rub my neck, still surprised.

I knew he was strong, long before even checking his stats. I've seen my uncle get in fights before, and even though he doesn't like starting them, he gets really smug anyways, and for good reason.

This man is strong. I've yet to see him get hurt, and he admittedly saved my ass multiple times before. Once against a gang armed with guns and other weapons, and he still kicked their asses. Literally.

It's not as impressive when I realized what world I'm in, and seeing his current stats then comparing them to Sirzechs' question marks isn't much either, but he has a Sacred Gear on top of that?

"If you're with them, then how come you work in Kamurocho and not in Ijincho?" I ask in curiosity.

"I'm positioned there - it's where we keep most of the resources and supplies," He answers. "They work as a backup in case something happens to the main base. Most other factions think that I live there due to my connections with the Tojo Clan, not that I'm guarding the treasures of the Geomijul."

"How big is this faction?" I frown in thought. "Does it extend to Japan only?"

"No, it's international," He shakes his head. "We have agents all over Earth, keeping an eye out for anyone we can save."

So another big player?

Assuming all of this is true and their main goal is finding Sacred Gear users, then they must be pretty powerful. Akiyama being the treasurer probably means that he's one of the strongest, and while he's likely not as strong as the satans, he's still fairly formidable.

A whole faction with Sacred Gear users is scary to think about, and that reminds me of the Hero's Faction. Does the Geomijul's existence affect them? Can I expect people like George or Jeanne with them instead?

"Why are you telling me all of this?"

"Because I want to give you a choice," He answers.

"...You want me to join?" I frown.

"That's on you. I can't force you to do anything," He assures me. "I just wanted to tell you that if you wish to escape the supernatural, you're always welcome."

I take a moment to contemplate his words, weighing my options.

I have two choices here; either join and train in secret or stay here for likely faster growth but with more risks.

Going along with him will block a lot of things - lots of my metaknowledge will turn useless and I won't be able to use it effectively. I know, there's already a lot of differences, but this will destroy whatever remaining advantage I have. However, it'll give me space to practice in safety, with lots of trainers like my mother, Akiyama, and others in this new faction.

It's a good option overall, very safe considering what Kuoh goes through every two weeks, but it's not rewarding.

I'll lose the Boosted Gear completely, and Rias will get her overpowered dumbass of a protagonist. This will be a huge hurdle later on because I can see myself being Rias and Issei's enemy sometime in the future. I can't hide my true nature forever.

And while staying in Kuoh may be significantly more dangerous, it's also far more effective as a way to level up. The requirement for the new dungeon wants me to level up, and I can't level up without killing or hurting stuff. I don't think I'll be getting live targets in this secret organization.

Even then, I already have a lot of protection from Yakuza, my mother, and my uncle. This Kuoh might not be as dangerous as the one in canon.

I suppose staying here is gonna be more beneficial in the long run. Though, I am curious…

"Just one thing," I say. "Is there a reason why I haven't been living there already? I mean, Kaa-san said I have Yokai blood, so am I qualified or what?"

"You are, but you were already living near the Omi Alliance," He explains. "You were arguably safer there."

"I suppose," Fair enough. "I think I'll pass. Thanks for offering, though."

"Heh, thought as much," He smiles. "Does that answer your questions?"

"I guess, for now at least," I nod. "Now's your turn, I think."

"What were you doing out so late?" He quickly asks with a frown.

I stop myself from lying, knowing that someone like him isn't gonna buy it. He's always been intelligent, and if anything of what he told was true, then lying is out of the question. Saying I was 'taking a walk' is only gonna make me more suspicious.

But I can't tell him anything about the dungeons, especially when this place is filled with Yakuza. I might be able to trust my uncle with it, but not the Tojo. I don't know them yet, even if my mother assures me that they're the 'good guys'.

The Yakuza are feared for a reason. The negative light surrounding them isn't just there. I doubt that they're as good as I've been told, they're likely in the gray area of morality if not worse. I'm not exactly a saint myself, nor do I care about doing the right thing, but trusting them isn't wise, even if I'm important to them.

Guess I'm sticking to half-truths.

"I was out practicing my magic," I answer. "There wasn't much space back home, and I've been getting hold of more destructive spells lately. I didn't want to trash the place."

Thankfully, this seemed to be the right thing to say as Akiyama relaxed, sighing in exasperation. "Couldn't you wait until it's daytime? Or asked your mother?"

"I couldn't sleep, and Kaa-san was tired," I shrug. "Unless you want to teach me magic?"

"I'm fully human, I can't use the same magic you use, so that's not really possible," He shakes his head.

"Too bad."

"I can teach you how to use your fists, though," He offers. "Interested?"

I pause and think. I'm not sure how that would work. Don't I need a martial artist class to actually learn it? Or can I learn skills regardless?

Frankly, I do want to learn how to defend myself without magic or weapons, more lines of defense are never bad. What would I do if I was hit with anti-magic stuff, or got my weapon knocked away? I know how to fight, but I basically throw my arms around and aim at where it hurts. It worked most of the time, but I doubt it'll be effective against actual masters.

Actually knowing how to throw punches and kicks is good. Countering, blocking, parrying, and all that jazz. Also, why wouldn't I? It's free, and it makes me stronger. Strength is important, especially in DxD. Besides, punching people is my hobby.

And I haven't been doing a lot of exercising lately. I want to stay in shape.

"Sure, sounds cool," I accept the offer. "Let's talk about it tomorrow morning, though. There's an abandoned warehouse northwest of Kuoh. That's where my mother and I practice magic."

"Alright. I guess we'll need to make a schedule for you, then."

"I don't mind," I stand up from my seat. "Thanks for the food, I'll be going now. I'm getting tired, and I still have school tomorrow."

"Let me walk you there."

"It's fine, it's close anyway," I wave it off. "And I'm pretty sure the Yakuza are watching me."

"If you're sure," He resigns and calls for the check. "Be careful around them, Akane-chan. Keep your cards close to your chest."

I realize that 'them' refers to the devils, and I nod. "I know."

With that, I leave the restaurant, thinking about his words. Geomijul, a place for people who don't want to be involved with the supernatural. If they exist, then who knows how many Sacred Gear users they have. Dozens? Hundreds? Thousands?

Akiyama told me about them because he trusts me deeply, and I need to use that trust to my advantage somehow. Training is one thing, but what else can I get from him? I have a lot of time to think about it, so no rush.

Though, he's right. I should probably worry about the devils for now. Even if I don't know a lot about the yakuza, my mother, or my uncle, they're still on my side. The devils aren't, and assuming this world isn't running on 'haha bewbz anime is funny' logic where everything is played for the lols, then they're probably a lot grayer than they are in the actual show.

They're devils for fuck's sake.

Really, if people like Riser are running around without being taught a lesson in common sense, then they're nowhere near as good as they think they are. I ain't good either, my alignment is 'Neutral Evil' apparently - I don't know why; I haven't done anything evil yet - but trusting a bad guy is dumber than trusting a good guy. One has a moral code and the other doesn't.

Though Rias is probably that naive, so getting her friendship and trust - therefore Sirzechs' - is gonna be easy. The only thing I need to do is actually meet the girl to establish a relationship.

"Not looking forward to that…" I mutter.

Let's hope she's not as annoying as her canon version.


It's early in the morning, a few hours before school starts. Like yesterday, I head towards the place my mother chose as our training grounds, expecting some lessons in spell evolution. I need to evolve at least one spell to be able to upgrade my Magic Control mastery skill.

Even if I can't level up in the old dungeon, I'm still able to improve my mastery skills. Leveling up is gonna be a little difficult, though. I don't know if those stray exorcists are any good EXP, and I'm not sure if I should try to kill the four Fallen Angels.

After all, I want to be viewed positively by Azazel and the Grigori as a whole. Showing mercy to his subordinates should at least help a bit in that regard.

But to get to level 150 is gonna be a pain. I'm still 95, and I can't think of anything that'll shoot me up over 50 levels easily. Unless I get quests. Hm…

Hey, Game. Do I have to kill to gain EXP?

No. However, EXP will be reduced otherwise.

I smile. Good enough.

As I enter the warehouse, I spot my mother and uncle bickering about something. Once they realize I was here, I flinch slightly as Mizuki gives me an intimidating smile, Akiyama mouthing 'I'm sorry' before stepping back a little.

Oh no.

"Oh, there you are," My mother greets me cheerfully as she steps towards me. "Your uncle told me all about what happened last night."

Oh no.

"I-is that so?" I glare at him for a second. "Well, I'm sure you understand why. I had to practice more, y'know."

"Of course, though I'm curious…"

"About what?"

"Why the hell didn't ya practice here?!" She scowls. "This place is well-guarded and safe, but ya decided to train in a devil-infested town instead?! Ya dumb?!"

I wince. Bad choice of words. Fuck.

"I- uh, well-" Before I could get an excuse out, my mother pinches my cheek and pulls. "Owowow!"

"No excuse!"

"S-shtop, it hurts!" I try to push her away, but that only prompts her to pull harder.

"Oh I know it does, dumbass," She smirks menacingly. "This is for makin' your old woman worry~"

"You're enjoying this way too much- ow, stop!" I finally manage to pull her hand away, rubbing my cheek in pain with a scowl. "You'll pay for this later you old bitch."

"Try me, brat," She challenges me with a glare.

My uncle clears his throat, prompting us to look at him with glares. "As amusing as this is, we don't have all day."

Mizuki blinks, then turns to me. "Right. Well, your uncle told me everything already. You want physical training too, and we already made a schedule for you."

"That was quick," I say in surprise. "So what's it gonna be?"

"I'll take early morning practice as Shun-kun takes late-night training, two hours in each session," She explains. "We'll keep the weekends as free days for you, whether you want to train or not is your choice, but tell us beforehand, okay?"

"Sounds simple enough," I nod. "I like it. So we start this new schedule today?"

"Yup," My mother smiles. "We wanted to make it so that each of us gets certain days, but this is better. You're a very fast learner, after all."

"To be fair, it's me we're talking about here."

"Would it hurt you to act modestly for once?"

"I'm just telling the truth," I shrug. "You're lucky to have an awesome daughter like me."

"She's right, Mizuki-san. Even I feel lucky," My uncle says.

"See? Even Oji-san agrees."

"Don't stroke her ego, damn it," She sighs as he smirks in response.

"Alright, as much as I want to stay here, I have some stuff to do," He says, patting my head, prompting me to slap his hand away. "I'll send you a message later."

"Got it."

With that, he leaves us on our own. Mizuki clears her throat, looking at me with a smile, hands on her hips.

"Let's start before we lose any more time."

"Right, so spell evolution," I cast an ice shortsword, making it hover over my palm. "I just need to use this as a base, then change it from here?"

"Yep."

"Sounds simple enough."

I close my eyes to focus on the image. Well, the next upgrade for a shortsword would be a longsword, right? It's the easiest thing at the top of my head. It's better for thrusting and slashing, basically the most important factors of a sword, especially one I'm planning to launch at someone.

"Oh it sounds simple, but it really isn't," Mizuki says. "Trust me; it's pretty difficult to get the hang of."

I could go for a broadsword, but I remember something about it having a weaker edge, and frankly, if I wanted blunt damage then I'd make a hammer or something. Definitely not a good spell.

"Though, it's fine. We're just starting after all."

I breathe through my nose as I make up my mind, energy tingling from my fingertips as magic slowly envelops the spell. I make the image in my brain, ignoring my mother's words as I focus on improving the spell.

"I mean, it took me a while too, and I was considered a prodigy back then- aaaand you're actually doing it."

Even with how much mana I have, I can tell I'm losing quite a bit, but I also feel that it's working. I can sense the spell becoming more powerful, and slightly opening my eyes showed me that it changed into a sleek design, unlike the admittedly rough one from before.

Spell [Cryomancy: Ice Shortsword] evolved to [Cryomancy: Ice Longsword]

[Cryomancy: Ice Longsword]

A decently powerful spell used by most Cryomancers. It still retains the quick-casting advantage of its weaker counterpart, but with more damage and cost.

Deals 300 + INTx2.6 Ice Damage

Costs 350 MP

With that, the spell is complete, and I shoot it at a nearby wooden crate, the longsword completely going through it with no difficulty.

Weaker than the bullet spell, but definitely still powerful. I'm sure it'll turn out better once I refine it.

"What was that?" I turn to look at Mizuki, smirking smugly.

"I-..wow," She utters in shock. "You didn't even struggle. You're better than I expected. Way better."

"Told you," I create another longsword to prove a point. "You should feel lucky for having an awesome daughter."

"I… suppose I can't deny it now," She sighs. "But this is only the beginning. Don't think magic training is gonna get any easier. In fact, it'll be pretty tough from now on."

"I'm sure," I roll my eyes. "I'm good as long as I'm learning."

"Hmph," She pouts. "We'll see how long this confidence of yours lasts."

With my cheat powers, I'm certain it'll last for a while.

Too bad she'll never know.



(Ichiban)

He might not be the best at math or English, but when it comes to P.E, he scores pretty highly. It's why he likes this class the most compared to the others.

He hoped there was more time, though. For him, all these exercises don't even qualify as warmups. They're nothing compared to the training he's been put through by the Captain, or how many times he got his ass kicked by Masato.

Ichiban wasn't in the Yakuza yet, not officially, but he knows more than the average person. It blew his mind when Arakawa told him about the supernatural, he almost couldn't believe it. All these mythologies were true!?

Of course, this only ignited his desire to help his soon-to-be patriarch even more. If Arakawa has enemies, then he'd do all that is possible to help protect him, even if it costs him his life. He swore it more than once.

But since Arakawa forbade him from joining when he was young, the oath wasn't official. He had to wait until he's old enough to take it. That didn't necessarily mean that he wouldn't help him, though.

At first, Arakawa's son, Young Master Masato, took pity on him and offered to help him out a bit. Show him the ropes and all that. He looked nerdy, but was ridiculously strong, and taught Ichiban about fighting. Enough to handle the lower-tier enemies at least.

That's before the Captain decided to take it upon himself to beat the living fuck out of Ichiban, in order to 'prepare him' for when he's older or something. He heard him talk nonsense about 'awakening' or whatever, but he's always too tired and beaten to think about it.

The Captain is kind of a jerk.

Regardless, P.E wasn't really anything special, even if he enjoyed it. His best friend seems to share his thoughts. Well, almost.

He glanced down at Akane, who was sitting next to him under the shade, hugging her knees with a bothered look. He tried to keep his eyes from wandering too low to her supple thighs, the memories of what happened to those perverts begging him to stop ogling her before he gets his shit kicked in too.

Though, she's probably gonna be less harsh if she spotted him.

...Right?

"Are you alright?"

"I'm not good with heat," She responds. "And the sun hurts my eyes."

He blinked. "It's spring, though."

"Your point?" She raised a brow.

"It's not hot," He said. "And you look like you're about to melt here."

"I told you I'm not good with heat," She sighed. "Can we go inside now?"

"I don't think we're allowed to do that."

"And since when did you start caring about the rules?" She snarked. "Ah, whatever. Class is about to end soon anyway."

He rubbed his neck. While there isn't much he can do, seeing his friend being bothered made him want to help, so he took his water bottle and threw it at her, prompting her to catch it with a confused look.

Akane blinked and gave him a small, but genuine smile that made his heart skip a beat. "Thanks, Ichi. You didn't have to do that."

"Hey, that's what friends are for, yeah?" He grinned.

"I guess."

She opened the bottle and took a big gulp from it, but had the decency to not finish the thing. As she closed it, Akane stopped as she spotted someone in the distance. Ichiban followed her line of sight and saw that Hyoudou guy sitting alone.

He looked back at his friend, who was fixated on the pervert sporting a bandage on his nose. Issei looked incredibly uncomfortable without his friends, not even trying to ogle the girls doing stretches or playing sports as if the whole thing traumatized him.

Unlike most of his class, Ichiban doesn't really have a lot of problems with Issei. He's fucking dumb, yeah, but he can tell the guy isn't really bad at his core. He stumbled on him a couple of times, and he was genuinely nice.

It did make him feel bad for what he went through, even if he was asking for it. Peeping on girls is playing with fire, but pissing Akane off is trying to set off an atomic bomb. What he did that time was clearly not his wisest moment.

Did he think Akane overreacted? Yes. Was he surprised? No.

Suddenly, the girl in question stood up, walking towards the lonesome pervert calmly. This raised a lot of flags - Ichiban thought she was off to finish the job or something and tried to calm her down.

"Hey, what are you doing?" He asked, following after her. "I know you don't like him, but can we not start more trouble? At least not unprovoked?"

"Eh?" She blinked in confusion. "What do you mean?"

"Well, you're walking towards the same guy who tried to peep on you," He explained. "Please don't hurt him?"

"Really, that's what it looked like?" She smirked in amusement, making him pause. "Give me some credit, Ichiban. I know how to control myself a little."

"Uh…" He uttered dumbly. "So you're not gonna bully him some more?"

"I won't," She assured him, giving his shoulder a light squeeze. "I promise."

He trusted her words, he really did, but just in case, Ichiban walked with her. It wasn't particularly difficult to piss her off, as calm as she acts most of the time. He could tell that yes, she is more mature than the Akane he knew before, but will go as far as to say that her spiteful streak got worse somehow.

She wouldn't calm down until she lets it out on something or someone.

"Oi," She called out elegantly.

Issei noticed the two, but it was far too late for him. He froze in place, eyes widening in terror at Akane's presence. His fear prevented him from running away, and Akane's blank look definitely made it worse.

"Issei Hyoudou, yeah?" She asked, prompting him to nod slowly. "Can I have a moment?"

With him too afraid, he nodded. However, Ichiban looked a little confused. That was a little polite, did she hit her head or something?

He noticed her face twitch a little, showing a lot of disdain, disgust, and anger for a split-second, but quickly went to a more guilty expression. Ichiban almost couldn't believe what he heard next.

"I'll keep it straight with you," She sighed, bowing a little. "Sorry for… going off on you and your friends that time."

Akane is apologizing?

His jaw dropped, reflexively looking around to see if someone's forcing her to do this, or if there's a meteor that's gonna end the world soon. This isn't something that happens every day. Scratch that, it never happened before.

Yes, she could and did apologize before, but Akane is a very, very stubborn individual. Having her acknowledge her mistakes while she's sure she was in the right is almost impossible, and due to her short temper, it's wise to just drop the subject.

Beating up perverts is something she'll do with a smile on her face. He wouldn't be surprised if she had killed some before, so to see her bowing to one is surreal. Maybe she did hit her head.

"Oh, uh…" Issei awkwardly scratched his cheeks.

"I'm just saying that I went overboard. Your friends didn't deserve that," She struggled to say that sentence. "I know it's not much, but I'd feel terrible if I didn't apologize for it."

"I-I guess it's fine," Issei nodded, looking far more comfortable in her presence. "We were kinda asking for it anyway. Maybe we should've stopped while we had the chance."

"Yeah, definitely not wise to peep on girls," She added with a deadpan look, making him chuckle nervously. "Just try to keep the pervertedness behind closed doors, yeah? You're not getting a girlfriend if you keep that up."

He flinched at the brutal honesty but nodded.

"Right, got that out of my chest," She muttered, giving Issei a wave. "See you, I guess."

He waved back at her as Akane left him alone with Ichiban following closely behind. The moment they were out of earshot, he grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her, looking at her in worry.

"Who are you and what did you do to Akane?!"

"Haha, hilarious," She rolled her eyes. "Let go of me, birdnest. Not in the mood."

He obeyed, but he's getting an answer whether she likes it or not. "For real though, what the hell was that? I thought you hated the guy?"

"I don't like him," She stated bluntly. "But I'm old enough to realize when I'm wrong."

"Yeah, but still, this is so not you?" He said. "As far as I know, you'd rather go to hell than apologize to people like him. What changed?"

"Ichiban, most of the perverts you saw me beat up are also thugs and criminals," She crossed her arms, nodding towards Issei. "That guy? A student, just like you and I. I can at least feel pity for him, y'know."

"I guess," He rubbed his neck, still processing what just happened. "I thought your hate for perverts extended beyond good and bad, though."

"I don't hate perverts in general, just the ones who act like him. Shameless perverts," She answered. "If you keep your fantasies away from public, then who am I to shame you? It's fine as long as it doesn't bother anybody."

She then smirked, pulling at her shirt to show her cleavage. "Who knows, maybe I'm a bigger pervert than you can ever imagine~"

The thought stopped him in his tracks as blood rushed to his face, painting his cheeks red as he tried to look away. Her amused giggle told him that she clearly enjoyed his reaction, making him click his tongue in annoyance.

He might've appreciated her newfound maturity, but if there's one change Ichiban disliked, it'd be her newly developed flirtatious nature.

And what he hated even more is how effective it is.



(Akane)

15 Reputation with Ichiban Kasuga [85/100]

25 Reputation with Issei Hyoudou [20/100]

It was necessary, but I still felt like I was gonna puke.

If I want to get Issei on my team, then I have to get on his good side. Nab him before Rias could because I'm not leaving the Boosted Gear to that redhead bimbo. Considering her track record, she doesn't even deserve something that valuable.

Obviously, I didn't mean a thing I said. I hated having to apologize, but this was the bed I made when I decided to beat the fuck out of him. I only have myself to blame in the end. Thankfully, the apology was a lot more effective than I thought.

Likely due to the Friendly Face perk along with my high Charisma. Issei is a simple individual - even if you don't consider his perverted tendencies, he's still a shonen protagonist. A moron with a heart of gold. A very naive dumbass that can easily be controlled.

Too bad I don't even like standing next to him. Why couldn't it be someone else? Ichi might share some of Issei's views - mostly his very shonen-like outlook on life - but at least he's fun to be around. Haruka's kindness is almost infectious, and I like how genuine she is.

But it had to be stuck with that moron. What the fuck is God doing?

Oh wait, he's dead.

What the fuck is Micheal doing?

"Ideas for ice powers, huh?" Ichi hums thoughtfully as we walked through the school's hallways. "Weird request. What gives?"

"One of my mother's friends is a Game Designer, and he wanted help regarding that," I lie casually. "Already had a few written down, but I kinda wanted a second opinion."

"And you're asking me?"

"You're the nerdiest guy I know," I shrug. "You're probably better at this than I am."

"Heh, fair enough," He grins. "Well, the most obvious would be ice weaponry, but you probably already know that. Is there a specific power level or tier?"

"Nope, go wild."

"Hm… Only thing I can come up with right now would be a frost tornado kinda deal," He responds. "Y'know, casting a cyclone that pulls nearby enemies and freezes them?"

I pause for a moment to think. That's not a bad idea, it does sound powerful, though am I at the level of casting such a thing? I'm still at Adept, even though I only need a little to rank up, but is it possible for me to cast it?

Hm, I suppose I'm gonna have to test it out. One more dungeon run and I should be done with the damage objectives for the rank-up quests, then I can focus on refining and learning new spells, or maybe invest some time on the engineer class. That oughta be fun.

"Anything else?"

"Gimme a few hours," He responds. "I'll message you a couple of ideas later tonight if I can."

"I knew I could rely on you," I smile, giving him a fist bump. "Thanks, Ichi."

"Anytime."

Suddenly, we were cut off by a familiar individual. Blond hair, blue eyes, and a soft, handsome face. Rias' Knight, Yuuto Kiba, stood in front of us as he smiled at me warmly. I take a moment to process, casually keeping my cool as Ichi remains blissfully unaware.

He didn't even tense. Maybe he's not aware?

"Amamiya-san?" He tilts his head a little. "It's good to finally meet you."

All the students around us stop, looking at us intensely. Some of the girls were whispering something about the Prince of Kuoh Academy talking with-

"-He's into the Princess Knight!"

"That bitch should stay away from my Prince!"

"Ah, a union between two lovely knights~"

I whip my head at the girls who said that stuff with a dark glare, eliciting high-pitched "eep!" from them. My annoyance only flares in response as Ichiban snorts audibly. Great, now there's gonna be rumors everywhere, and they keep calling me with that shitty title!

For fucks' sake, he just said hi to me. Can we stop with those kinds of conclusions?

"I-it's good to meet you too?" I calm myself down, struggling to keep my tone even. "I don't believe we've met before."

"Ah, sorry, I haven't introduced myself yet, have I?" He bows. "I'm Yuuto Kiba, a third-year student. Nice to make your acquaintance."

"Yeah, sure, ignore me," Ichi mutters. "Not like I exist or anything."

"Likewise, Senpai," I reply as politely as I could while elbowing the moron next to me to the side. "So is there anything I can help you with?"

"Not much," He shakes his head. "I simply would like to know you better. Do you mind a few minutes please?"

Rias can't be more obvious even if she tried. The dumb whore...

Of course, saying that only fanned the flames as the whispers got louder and more frequent. Some girls were squealing, others were growling. Hell, a few guys were giving Kiba dirty looks as word spread like wildfire.

I hate this fucking school.

"Oh my god, he's totally into her!"

"Damn that emo bitch!"

"They're so cute together~"

Due to the other students being infuriating, me not liking the devils in the first place, and my urge to kick Ichi in the balls for quietly giggling at my predicament, I forgot to put my filter on and uttered the first thing that came to mind.

Am I gonna regret it? Maybe, maybe not. But if there's one thing I can tell you, it is that it felt good to say, in front of a crowd no less. I never liked this dumbass either considering his weird obsessions with swords.

"No thanks, I'm not into twinks," I decline scathingly, silencing the whole crowd. "I'm sure you'll find a guy perfect for you soon."

"Twink?" Ichiban parrots in shock.

"T-twink?" Bootleg Shirou Emiya repeats slowly, also in shock.

"Now if you'll excuse me, I have things to do," I walk past him. "See you."

Even Ichiban stood there frozen for a few moments before going after me. The whole school was quiet, most of the girls were in shock, almost as if they're not believing that someone basically rejected their prince.

Well, they should. He's overrated as hell anyway.

To be honest, I wasn't even joking, not fully anyway. I don't like these bishonen guys, they're definitely not my type. I don't understand how so many girls were drawn to him anyway. Handsome for sure, but he looks so basic.

It's as if they all look the same.

"Oi," Ichiban taps my shoulder. "What the hell just happened back there?"

"I rejected him."

"You fucking murdered him!" He says with wide eyes. "That was brutal. Couldn't you just say no? Hell, he only asked to talk with you."

"Sure, but you know where it always leads to," I shrug. "And I don't particularly know or respect the guy enough. If he was smart, he'd have asked in a less populated area."

"F-fair," He rubs his neck, glancing behind for a moment. "Man, glad I'm not in his place. Getting rejected like that would've ruined me for weeks."

"Oh, I'll be gentler with you, don't worry," I wink at him. "Who knows, unlike him, you might even have a chance~"

Just as I expect, Ichiban blushes and stutters in response, clearing his throat as he looks away with an annoyed expression. I giggle at his reaction, very pleased to have someone like him to tease.

I'm not particularly into him, but god his reactions are adorable.

"Can you stop doing that?"

"Too bad, you're making it too easy."

He sighs in frustration and drops the subject as we make our way to the next class.

-5 Reputation with Yuuto Kiba [-5/100]

Ah, there it is. Was wondering when it would appear.

Meh, I can fix it later once we deal with his stupid sword problem. Besides, it's not like he's anyone important - hell, I'd rather just get rid of him entirely rather than pander to his moronic ideas. I'd take an Excalibur over his dumbass.

Let's just hope he leaves me alone for now.



(Rias)

"She rejected you?" Rias questioned, looking at her knight in surprise.

"Very brutally, too," Akeno added with a smile. "What did she call you again?"

"Well, that's not very important," Kiba cleared his throat, clearly embarrassed. "What we know is that-"

"Twink," Koneko said with an amused smirk, prompting Rias to let out an unladylike snort.

"She's not easy to convince or seduce," The Knight ignored his friend's teasing. "And she's clearly attached to that Ichiban boy. They spend most of their day together, occasionally with Sawamura."

"So the three of them are friends, then," Rias mumbled. "Hmm…"

Well, plan A failed, and while its success isn't exactly needed, it did surprise her that Kiba failed to convince Akane for a word. Rias hoped her Knight would charm her, and through him, they'd get to know each other. That was the easiest and safest way.

It didn't quite backfire, but it failed regardless. Charming the girl seems out of the picture for now - If Kiba wasn't able to do it, then what can they do? Unless she swings the other way? That's a possibility. If that was the case, then she or Akeno would do it.

While not overly picky, Rias prefers men, and her Queen doesn't seem to mind either way.

Well, she doesn't have anything better to do, and the faster they get on with this the better. She's been keeping up with the news of the Underworld, and there's been concerning rumors of the wedding moving to an earlier date, and she didn't have the chance to ask her brother about this due to him being too busy.

Though, she doesn't know how Akane would help in that regard. Getting her in the peerage is a big no-no, and Rias wasn't exactly sure how powerful she is anyway. Though, her friend might be able to get her out of this.

And likewise, he seems very attached to Akane. This Ichiban seems like a respectable boy, but there was something that felt off about him. Aside from the clear dormant power within him, it seems all too easy and suspicious, and Rias wasn't sure if it's a good idea to straight-up ask him to join.

Rias needs to integrate herself into this human group. If she does, then she'll gain two powerful allies and one possible Longinus wielder. It's a golden opportunity right there, she just needs to take it.

Though, she kept Sona's words in mind. She should restrain herself from being too pushy, otherwise, she'll look desperate.

"Alright, you two," She gestured towards Kiba and Koneko. "Leave them alone. Akeno and I will try to get close instead."

"Are you sure?" Her Knight asked. "I can try again if you want."

"It's okay, you've done enough," Rias waved it off with a small smile. "I think it's about time I met her myself anyway."

"I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow," Akeno added, looking out the window. "She already left the school grounds."

"Ah," Rias grimaced slightly before she cleared her throat. "Well, there's no helping it. I suppose it gives us time to think of a way to approach them."

Rias hoped that the boy had what she needed. If those rumors are true, then she only had less than a month at most.

This is her last chance at escaping the marriage, and she's not about to waste it.


(Akane)

When I entered the warehouse for my physical training, I didn't expect the change. I thought it'd be basic training like getting my stance or something, so seeing the whole warehouse cleaned up and refurnished was quite the surprise.

Instead of the hundreds of dusty boxes, crates, and rusted tools inside, everything was replaced with some gym equipment, targets for projectile training, newer lights, a fridge, and even a whole living room with high-end TV on the second floor.

The whole place looked very different and very clean. Clearly, people worked hard to fix it, but how? I've only been out for a couple of hours - how fast do you have to be to do all of this so quickly?

It was as if this place just transformed into a private gym. It was one hell of a surprise to walk into. All of this stuff is gonna help a lot.

"What do you think?" Akiyama nudges me.

"This is amazing," I answer truthfully. "You did this?"

"Heh, well, not on my own," He replies. "I had help from the Majima Family. They're one hell of a group, trust me."

"Yeah, I can tell," I scratch my cheek. "But I'm not exactly sure how this could help in martial arts."

"Well, you wanna know how I fight specifically, right?"

"Yeah."

"As you know, I primarily use my legs to attack and defend," He explains. "And you need to be very flexible to do that, as well as a lot of strength to back up your kicks."

"I guess." I cross my arms. "I'm plenty strong, though-"

"Can you do splits?"

I freeze at the question, then sigh. "Point taken."

"Hehe, oh don't give me that look. It'll be easy for you," He pats my head. "You're young and talented. This shouldn't be too difficult for you."

"Right, right," I push his hand away. "So what do I have to do first?"

"Let's test your strength," He says, pointing at a huge machine next to him. "See this over here? Punch it as hard as you can."

It was a huge Punching Machine, way bigger than the one you'd see in arcades. Clearly this is for the real stuff, for testing warriors and all that. I've never seen this before, though. Maybe the Yakuza made it?

Perhaps I can learn more about engineering from them. Mom did say that they're decades beyond regular, day-to-day technology.

I cock my arm and tighten my fist before throwing an inhumanly powerful jab. The little screen above it starts to calculate my strength, stopping at 236. Not sure how that fairs, but probably more powerful than regular humans due to my high STR.

Even my uncle's surprised look was enough of a testament.

"You weren't kidding. You are strong," He nods. "We can skip the basics."

"Told you."

"You did, but you still lack flexibility," He reminds me, making me frown. "Strength alone isn't enough."

"So what, I need to do stretches?" I raise a brow. "There's probably a faster way, right? Besides, I can do it when I'm home. Not really worth teaching."

"I suppose that's true," He nods, seemingly easily convinced. "Alright, how about a test? I want you to try to hit me."

"Okay," I raise my arms up in a basic fighting stance. "I'm assuming magic isn't allowed?"

"Wouldn't be much of a martial arts training, now would it?"

Quest added

[Training With Shun Akiyama #1]

Objective: Hit Shun at least once without using magic or weapons

Bonus Objective: Knock Shun down

Rewards: 25 DEX, 25 STR, 25 END, [Unarmed Combat Proficiency] Mastery Skill, Increase Affection with Shun Akiyama, 5000 Credits

Bonus Rewards: 1 Legendary Token, 200 DEX, 200 STR, 200 END, [Flames of Suzaku] Perk, Greatly Increase Affection with Shun Akiyama, 25,000 Credits

This is gonna be impossible, isn't it?

I clench my fists and focus, my target merely standing there with a relaxed smile. He wasn't even in a stance, and I don't blame him. The sheer difference in power between us is immense - he could one-shot me if he wanted to.

Even without counting the high stats, he has a Sacred Gear that I know nothing about. I don't stand a chance, and I doubt the revolver can do much damage against him. I don't think a bullet can catch a guy like him.

Well, he's probably holding back against me, so maybe I do have a chance. After all, if a quest like this pops up, then that means it's probable. I just need to somehow catch him off guard, and without magic, that's tough.

First thing I did was charge, to try and test the waters a bit. I throw a few jabs and hooks, all of them being easily dodged as Akiyama steps away without a struggle. Those were obvious enough of course, but even then, I can't find an opening.

He looks off guard, but I can tell that it's a trick. Or it's just that he's way too fast that I'm basically moving in slow-motion in his eyes.

More punches were thrown, yet none landed, and I was getting more and more frustrated by the second. No matter what I do, my attacks keep missing, and his smug look isn't helping. How the hell am I supposed to hit this guy? This isn't really fair damn it.

He sidesteps and trips me, prompting me to stumble and almost fall on my face. I scowl deeply as I step back. Glancing at my stamina, I click my tongue in annoyance. So it does decrease, then…

"What's up?" He tilts his head. "Tired?"

"I'm fine."

I scan the place for a moment, trying to think of something. I look at the equipment for a few seconds and get an idea, however, I keep the frustrated act so as to not arouse suspicions. It's not a foolproof plan, he's probably experienced enough to not fall for this stuff, but it's the only thing that could work.

He's not particularly underestimating me here, but I can tell he's not taking me seriously. He's so far above me, and the thought of me landing a hit is almost laughable. I can use that to my advantage.

I charge at him again, wildly flailing my arms in hopes of bashing that smug face, but once again, he expertly dances around my movement without breaking a sweat, though he doesn't seem to notice where he's moving.

"Why can't I hit you?!" I growl.

"You're too slow," He replies simply.

Just a little more…

His fast movement was making it hard for me to make him stay in one direction, but I'm getting the hang of it. He'd usually sidestep after I try to hit him with a quick attack, while backstepping whenever I swing widely.

So I keep the heavy attacks, and while they take quite a bit more stamina, it forces him to stay on one track, and after a few more, it does the trick.

He never noticed one of the gym equipment behind him as he evaded, prompting him to trip. His smirk vanishes as I take the chance by grabbing his shirt, pulling him close to deliver a punch to his face.

Only for him to easily block it, push me back, and flip backward, landing perfectly.

"Woah~ that was pretty close," He grins. "You almost got me there, Akane-chan."

God fucking damn it.

"Hehe, with that face, I can tell that you've planned this," He taunts. "Didn't really work, did it?"

"Go fuck yourself," I growl.

"Hey now, I didn't say the plan was bad," He says. "It was clever, and shame on me for falling for it, but if only you were just a little bit faster."

I groan in frustration and drop my stance. "This isn't exactly the fair fight that you think it is, Oji-san."

"We're not fighting, we're training," He reminds me, stepping closer to me. "Look, Akane-chan, it's gonna be hard at first. You know it is, but all you can do now is push forward. You're a strong girl, I know you can do it."

"I guess," I sigh. "It's just that… Well, the whole thing about these devils in my school kinda worries me, y'know? Kaa-san told me about how they kidnap humans and enslave them, and seeing how close they are is kinda scary."

"I know how scary it can be," He nods, lightly patting my shoulder. "I'm worried about them too, but not all devils are bad, y'know? I'd argue that some of them are good."

Oh? So he doesn't hate them like my mother does. It did seem that way - he never reacts badly whenever they're mentioned or present. The devils did something to my mom, but maybe it doesn't involve my uncle somehow?

Hmm, I want to know more, but I don't think it's the time for it. I should get more Affection with him before I ask about a sensitive topic like that.

"It's better to be prepared, though," I argue. "Who knows if there are any evil devils out there that want to hurt us. Kaa-san said that I have great power, so I wanna use it to protect us all."

5 Affection with Shun Akiyama [25/100]

"And you will, don't worry," He smiles. "I'm only telling you to relax. No devil will get to you, because they're gonna have to go through me and the whole Yakuza first."

"Heh, you're right," I giggle. "By the way."

"Hm?"

"You forgot something~" I smirk.

"Forgot wha- Ough?!"

With the whole sentimentality making him drop his guard, I land a punch to his gut. It didn't do shit to his overall HP, but I can tell that getting hit like this hurt him, even if slightly. This only made my smirk widen as he stepped back, looking at me in shock for a few seconds.

"We're still in training, moron~"

He blinks a few times before letting out an amused laugh. "Well, you got me! I didn't expect this at all, well done!"

"What can I say, I'm just smart," I shrug, a cocky smirk still plastered on my face. "You fell for one of the oldest tricks in the book."

"That I did," He sighs. "Well, I suppose you did hit me, so that concludes your training for today."

"And what's my score, Sensei?"

"With that trick, A Plus for sure," He nods approvingly. "While I still think you lack a few things, I think that, overall, you've done very good."

"Heh, thanks," I respond. "So I guess we finished early today. Think I can go home?"

"Feel free," He waves. "I think tomorrow, we'll start the real thing. Remember, you can keep practicing at home by stretching. To make it easier for you to move around."

"I'll keep it in mind," I nod, opening the door. "Thanks, Oji-san. Don't know what I'd do without you."

"Anything for my favorite niece," He ruffles my hair, prompting me to slap his hand away. "Say hi to Mizuki-san for me."

With that, I close the door behind me and open my stats, smiling at the rewards I've gotten.

Quest completed

[Training With Shun Akiyama #1]

Objective: Hit Shun at least once without using magic or weapons

Bonus Objective: Knock Shun down

Rewards: 25 DEX, 25 STR, 25 END, [Unarmed Combat Proficiency] Mastery Skill, Increase Affection with Shun Akiyama, 5000 Credits

Bonus Rewards: 1 Legendary Token, 200 DEX, 200 STR, 200 END, [Flames of Suzaku] Perk, Greatly Increase Affection with Shun Akiyama, 25,000 Credits

Shun Akiyama Affection level [35/100]

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 95

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Cryomancer - LVL 95/100 [3%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 0/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 2400 [240 per minute]

MP - 9500 [5700 per minute]

SP - 2400 [240 per minute]

STR - 240

END - 240

DEX - 290

INT - 950

WIS - 950

CHA - 330

LUK – 190

Perk gained

[Swift-Footed] - Perk - 250 DEX

You've trained your legs and feet levels beyond regular humans and up to par with even cheetahs, and you don't tire as fast anymore. Your prey shouldn't be able to escape you anymore.

Increase movement speed by 50%, and decreases SP cost by 15%

Mastery Skill gained

[Unarmed Combat Proficiency: Novice] - Mastery Skill
When weapons and magic fail, all you have to rely on are your fists. Essential skills for soldiers and nobles alike, Unarmed Combat have thousands of forms and techniques that are passed down with each and every generation.

You've only just learned how to not flail your arms around like an idiot, but you're still very inexperienced.

Deal 11,250 Damage with Unarmed Combat and create or learn 3 skills to reach the next Rank. Progress to Apprentice Rank [0/11,250] [0/3]

I'm so in love with this power~



(Freed)

He knew what territory this was - a Tojo clan turf, and the damned Japanese are so goddamn overprotective over their territories it annoyed the hell out of him.

He so wanted to go out there and teach that emo slut a lesson after she disrespected and humiliated him. It was all he could think about, and thinking about her smug bitch face isn't doing much in calming him down.

But of course, going after her so boldly will only result in his death. Turns out, the bitch is a Tojo heiress too, so not exactly someone he can hurt without consequences. Not like he cares, though. He'll show her once he gets a chance.

He wondered what that Fallen whore, Raynare, was thinking. While he's her subordinate, he's not exactly happy with it. He'd take Fallen over Devils or Angels, but he could barely tolerate a bitchy boss.

Them hiding in the church wouldn't have happened without the boss who supplied them with state of the art technology that completely hid their presence, even superior to the ones the Tojo or Omi use. He didn't know who this 'boss' is, but the guy clearly knew his stuff.

The only thing Freed knows about him is that he's one hell of a powerful guy. He heard rumors from his fellow stray exorcist that he's apparently in cahoots with the Old Satans or something. Oh well, not like he cares.

Guy's only order was 'capture Haruka Sawamura' and who's Freed to argue? Kidnapping hot bitches is one of his favorite hobbies. Besides, the boss never specified if she should be given to him unharmed.

He'll take his sweet time playing with her, alongside that other whore.

"Say, when can we start making trouble?" He asked the Fallen bitch with blue hair, who rolled her eyes. "C'mon, we've been here for days and we barely got to do anything."

"Be patient, we'll strike when we can," Kalawarner said. "Any wrong movement could ruin the entire operation."

"Yeah, but like-"

"And the last time you went out on your own, you almost alerted the Tojo," The short one narrowed her eyes at him. "You almost killed us all, moron."

"You shut your mouth, loli-bitch," He snorted. "Adults are talking here."

"I'm older than you, dipshit," She growled.

"Yet even I have bigger boobs than you!" He laughed. "You lost the genetic lottery? Or did daddy dearest curse you?"

Mittelt formed a light spear in her hand, aiming to throw it at him before the door swung open. In walked the leader of the Fallen group, who gave Freed a tiny, scornful look before clearing her throat.

"If you idiots can stop fighting for a few seconds, then please do," She said, before smiling slightly. "We have guests over~"

"Guests?" Freed raised a brow, before letting out an impressed whistle at the blond beauty that walked in, a nervous look on her face. "Oooh~ who's this sister?

"M-my name is Asia Argento," She bowed slightly. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Father Freed."

Ah, she called me 'father'. He smiled at her. Finally, someone who understands my importance.

"Ohoho, trust me, the pleasure is all mine~" He said, his gaze turning lecherous. "We're gonna get along, you and I~"

"I-I'm hoping so, too."

Just then walked another person, one who caught Freed's eyes. He was a big man, slightly overweight but one can tell that he's built. Bald, a mustache, goatee, sunglasses, and wore green pants, and a green jacket over a blue shirt.

Freed could tell that the guy is fairly strong, maybe as strong as he is. He never thought he'd see the living embodiment of an ugly bastard in his life before, but here he is. He noticed the pin in his chest, prompting him to get closer.

"Hm," Freed squinted. "What's your name, big guy?"

"Ed." The man replied simply.

"Ed, eh…" The stray exorcist hummed, his eyes suddenly widening as he recognized the symbol on the pin. "You're part of the Saio Triad?!"

"Indeed," Raynare answered for him. "Even if they were destroyed years ago, there are still many members who are still upset at the culprit."

"Heeh," Freed grinned widely.

"And they want one thing." Raynare continued. "And that's simply revenge. Isn't that right, Mr. Ed?"

The big bastard only nodded in response.

"Ooooh you're a ballsy one, ain'tcha?" Freed giggled. "You know you could die, yeah? Yakuza are fucking ruthless."

"I don't care," Ed said bluntly. "Tatsu Amamiya's wife and daughter will be killed by my own hands."

"Oh," He took a step back. "Oh, I can tell that you and I are going to be the best of friends~"

The Saio Triad officer only gave a smirk in response.

It was at this moment that Freed made his first true friend.
Last edited: Mar 17, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, TheAmnisiac, Mufarasu and 328 others
Mirlnir
Oct 23, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 9: Maiden
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Nov 25, 2021
Add bookmark
#208
"Lower," Mizuki said. "This is baby stuff; you can do better, right?"

"Shut it," Her daughter growled, legs shaking. "You know how painful this could get?"

"Oh please, I've gone through so much worse than a simple split," The mother rolled her eyes. "And you're half me, so this shouldn't be hard."

It wasn't everyday her daughter would ask for help on her own. Usually, Akane prefers working and figuring out stuff on her own, which is strange seeing how admittedly charismatic she can be. Making friends is easy for her as long as she puts up a front and acts all nice.

But she doesn't, which is why she practically has no friends, but not like she cares either. She wasn't a social recluse by any means, but she definitely wasn't a butterfly either. Mizuki understood, though. She was somewhat similar in her younger years.

Regardless, Mizuki was mildly surprised that Akane came asking for help with her stretches instead of their regular magic practice. Turns out that Akiyama said that she needed to be flexible to be able to learn from him.

Akiyama never actually learned any classical martial arts; only mimicking what he saw until he made his own style. He couldn't have told Akane to learn from actual masters first because of that.

Mizuki would teach her daughter her own clan's style, but that one is a little too lethal to use. It's not about defending yourself or neutralizing opponents, that one was made for the sole purpose of killing. She doesn't want Akane running around snapping necks or crushing skulls.

"Look, I'm like any other person out there. I just don't like pain, alright?" Akane glared at her. "Unlike you, you disgusting masochist."

"I'm not a masochist, I just know how to tolerate pain," Mizuki scoffed. "Clearly you don't if doing a split is close to making you cry."

"I'm not crying."

"Yet."

"I've been hit with a brick before and I didn't cry," Akane argued with a scowl, oddly offended. "Are you saying a brick being smashed on my head hurts less than doing a split?"

"Yeah, yeah whatever you say," Mizuki shrugged with a smirk. "Lil crybaby Akane~"

"I'm going to stab your throat."

"I'm sure you will," She sighed. "Jokes aside, if you want to do this, then you have to start lowering yourself. You're still not even halfway there."

Her daughter only grimaced in response, and feeling impatient, Mizuki frowned.

"How about this, I'll force you down myself," Mizuki offered. "It's gonna hurt, but then you'll get used to it."

"...Sure."

"Great! Okay, are you ready?"

"J-just give me a warning before you- DO IIIIIIT?!"

Her pleas fell on deaf ears as her legs were forced apart, eyes widening and watering as a gasp left her. The former assassin winced at the quiet 'crack' as Akane lowered her head while shaking lightly, biting down a cry of pain as Mizuki backed away a bit.

Her daughter didn't move at all, staying in that position for a while as she wiped her eyes with her arm. Mizuki approached her, looking proud that she finally did it. With help, sure, but she's always happy to give a hand, especially to Akane.

The pained expression on her face told another story, though. Mizuki hoped she wasn't angry with her. She really doesn't want to get decked in the face again.

"See? Wasn't so hard now was it?"

"I'm going to tear your spine out and shove it up your ass you stupid whore." Akane muttered coldly.

"Hey, it might've hurt, but look at you!" Mizuki completely disregarded Akane's terrifying glare. "You did it! You should be proud of yourself."

"Only thing that'll make me proud right now is seeing you choke on your own blood."

"Pfft, I dunno why you're so mad. It's your fault we had to do this in the first place." She scoffed.

"Wha- how!?" Akane scowled.

"Because this!"

Suddenly, Mizuki bent over and pinched her daughter's side, making her yelp in pain.

"Ow, what the hell- Stop!"

"Look at this!" Mizuki cut her off. "You don't exercise anymore and look how pudgy you've become! All because of the chocolate you eat!"

Akane slapped her hand away, face turning red in embarrassment. "What the fuck is wrong with you?!"

"I'm saying you need to start exercising more," Mizuki said sternly. "Not just with your uncle, but an extra hour or two, and no more fast food. You have all the tools you need here, use them."

"I was gonna do that anyway, moron," Akane growled as she got up, the pain seemingly subsided. "I don't need you telling me that."

Mizuki blinked, seeing Akane back on her feet. She'd have given her a minute or two, but she's already fine? Well, her daughter has always been tough, too tough due to their bloodline. Honestly, if they were pure humans, she'd have probably succumbed to one of the injuries from her past street fights already.

Though, this is still surprising.

"You're fine now?" Mizuki asked. "Does it still hurt?"

She noticed Akane tense suddenly, making a mental note of that. These recent weird behaviors are getting really concerning.

"Yeah, I'm good," She sighed. "I've been through worse, too y'know."

"Right, since I realized that you've become fat-"

"I'm not fat you dumb bitch."

"-I think we should focus on getting you in shape," Mizuki ignored her daughter's hateful scowl. "But you can do that in your free time, so let's take a step back and practice magic instead."

"Back to square one, then."

"What? No, I just gave you homework for your homework," Mizuki said. "Shun-kun said you need to be flexible, and to be flexible, you need to get in shape. Homeworkception."

"Yeah, whatever." She scoffed. "Let's just get this over with."

Sheesh, she gotta chill. Mizuki raised a brow. Did I hurt her feelings or somethin'?

"Ooookay then," She cleared her throat. "Since we've established refining and evolution, I think it's time I teach you a spell."

Akane's eyes lit up, her annoyed frown immediately replaced with an excited smile. "Finally, took you long enough."

"It's literally been like, two days."

"Two days too long." She waved it off. "So what kind of spell?"

Well, at least she's looking forward to it. Mizuki smiled.

"Seeing that you already have most basic spells down, I think it'll be fine to teach you a slightly more complicated one," She said. "It's not harmful on its own, but it can be paired up with almost anything. It's one of my favorites.

"Simply, tap the ground with your foot and force your magic into it. As if you're making a slippery ground." She explained. "But try to aim it at the enemy's leg and encase it in ice. That way, it'll stop their movement for a bit and give you an opening. C'mon, you can test it on me."

"If you say so." Her daughter nodded. "So just make a slippery ground but try to 'aim' it at you?"

"Yep."

"Alright…"

Akane frowned in concentration, focusing for a few seconds before casting the spell. It went off without a hitch, easily encasing Mizuki's leg in ice. The mother was surprised - she expected her to get it quickly, but first try?

Her daughter's potential is massive it seems.

"I'll be damned. You made it look so easy." Mizuki complimented the smirking Akane. "And the ice is decently tough too."

"I don't think it'd be useful if the ice broke so easily." Akane shrugged, approaching her mother. "I had to make it hard enough to actually trap someone."

"Fair enough." Mizuki frowned, trying to break the ice around her leg, but to no avail. "Maybe you made it a little too tough?"

"There's no such thing as too tough." She argued. "The stronger the better."

"True." Nervous sweat trailed down Mizuki's brow. "So uh, you gonna dispel it or…?"

"Dear heavens, would you look at the time?" Akane checked her nonexistent watch. "I don't want to be late for school so we're gonna have to cut this short."

"Wait-"

"Well, guess I'm going now." Akane said, walking towards the exit. "See you after school, Kaa-san."

"Hold on, what about the ice?!"

"Oh, don't worry about it. It's gonna dispel on its own." She shrugged, hand on the doorknob. "...In like an hour or two."

"What?! No, I don't want to stay here for so long!" Mizuki whined. "Please dispel it."

"Eeeh..." Akane paused as she opened the door. "Naaaah."

"Oh come on, why?!" She tried to reason with her daughter. "...Is it because I called you fat?"

Without giving a verbal response, Akane slammed the door shut and left her mother on her own, who groaned as she turned to look at the ice that trapped her leg. The ice was extremely hard to break, and seeing that she's powerless, she's stuck like this.

She'd call someone to help, but then she'll get made fun of. She doesn't want to sit through the embarrassment of having to explain what happened. Why did she have to open her big mouth and piss off her daughter? They both knew how spiteful she could be.

With a sigh, Mizuki created a small ice pike with whatever magic she still had. She grimaced and began to slowly break down the ice covering her leg, barely chipping away at it with each hit. At least her Yokai blood made her resistant to cold.

She's gonna get her back for this.


(Akane)

Quest complete

[Flexibility is Sexy] - Quest

Objective: Do a split without crying

Rewards: [Flexible] Perk, 5 DEX, 5 CHA, 50 Credits

When I got this quest, I honestly felt a little mocked. What do you mean 'without crying'? Are you saying I'm gonna cry because of a simple split? What am I, twelve? I didn't need a quest for something like this, even if it's admittedly appreciated. Also, the quest name seems uncalled for.

Are you calling me unsexy? Flexibility or not, I know I'm hot. The constant stares I get even in my bland male uniform is enough of an indication. You can go fuck yourself, quest.

I realized just how reasonable the quest was when I tried to do it on my own when I woke up. This is actually difficult to do, for all my DEX, it still was challenging. I needed help, so I asked the first person that came to mind.

I knew I ran the 'risk' of having her tease me about it, and the bitch did, but who else am I gonna ask? My uncle is busy and while we're close, that's a little too much. I debated whether I should have Ichi help me out because that'll give me a lot of material to tease him with, but I feel like I shouldn't go that far yet.

As for Haruka…

…

...Shit, why didn't I ask her?

Anyway, letting someone force me to do it was fucking painful for once, but it paid off. I don't like pain even if I'm used to it by now, so this sucked ass. I had to stop myself from reflexively backhanding my mother.

[Flexible] - Perk

While not quite rare, such skill is useful for anyone. Many kinds of sports require your body to be flexible, even combat may have a use for it. Who knows, it could even help with your bedroom skills.

Your body is at its peak flexibility, making you able to stretch and twist it in an almost inhuman manner.

I got the perk, thankfully, with a little increase in some stats to boot. The Game seems a little trigger-happy with quests, giving me one for every mundane activity possible. I ain't complaining, it's actually motivating to see quests like this.

Like this one.

[Workout Regime] - Quest

Objective: Run a total of 50 Kilometers and use three different gym equipment for a collective total of 7 hours

Rewards: 30 END, 30 DEX, 30 STR, 30 CHA, [Perfect Body] Perk, 250 Credits

Time Limit: 4 Days, 23 Hours, 16 Minutes

Now while I appreciate the quest and the sweet, sweet rewards, I couldn't help but feel offended. Specifically, the moment it appeared. It pissed me off to be honest. I'm not fucking fat just because my mother said so, Game.

Well, whatever. The massive stat increase as well as that perk sound really good. Remember, I get a double increase in stats due to one of my starting perks, so if I finish this quest, I get 60 instead of 30 in each of the listed stats.

And it doesn't sound so hard either. A collective of seven hours of workout alongside a 50-kilometer run spread throughout the five days isn't that hard, especially seeing that my Stamina is far above that of regular humans.

Getting my dumbass mother to shut up about my chocolate intake is a bonus.

After all, can you call life without chocolate actually living?

"I should stop by the convenience store for some," I mutter to myself, walking to my school. "A lighter too. Haven't smoked in a while."

Thankfully, there's one nearby. I can quickly grab some stuff - maybe breakfast on my way out too - and head to school. Shouldn't take more than a minute.

Then again, do I have to go to school? I really doubt there are heavy consequences to skipping a day or two if at all. I'm basically a princess here, and last I checked, getting a degree isn't really important in the world of DxD.

But then I have to explain why I'm skipping school to Sona, and that's one can of worms I don't want to open.

Not to mention the opportunities I still have there.

"What a pain…" I sigh, going inside the convenience store.

I look through the shelves and get what I want, getting out of the camera's sight before slipping a few items into my inventory. Stealing everything I want will only make me suspicious because not everyone gets in and out of a convenience store without getting anything, so I should pay for something or two.

I take a random sandwich off the shelf and head towards the cashier, only to freeze as I see a blond nun trying to speak to the worker in broken Japanese. I look around me for a moment, still not believing what I'm seeing. I confirm who this girl is with Observe, and a smile creeps up to my face.

I step in and try to help, giving the nun a polite smile. "Excuse me, I see that you're having trouble. Need any help?"

Asia blinks, seemingly taken aback at my perfect English, then nods as she mirrors my smile. "I-I only want to know if this drink is alcoholic or not. There aren't any English texts that I can read…"

...That's a Dr. Pepper.

"Uh, no, it's not." I shake my head. "It's alcohol-free, don't worry."

"Oh, I see." Asia smiles. "Thanks for clarifying."

"Um, you seem to know English." The cashier glances at me. "Can you tell me what she wants?"

"She's asking if it has alcohol or not," I respond, switching to Japanese.

The cashier blinks. "Dr. Pepper?"

"She's probably living under a rock. Don't worry about it." I wave it off, the blond blissfully unaware of what I just said. "Here."

I notice Asia tense a little, looking around nervously as she tries to stop me. Well, 'tries' is a stretch too. She looks like she wants to say something, but she doesn't.

"Ah, the girl hasn't paid yet." The cashier clarifies.

"I'll pay for her," I say, glancing at her bag. Nothing much, looks like she's having breakfast too. "How much is it?"

"800 Yen."

I hand over the amount and grab Asia by the hand, leading her out.

"W-wait, I haven't paid yet!"

"Don't worry about it, I paid."

"Eh?" Asia blinks in confusion. "But why?"

"You're a foreigner, yeah? Well, seeing you struggle, I thought I could help," I explain. "It's not much to be honest, so don't worry about paying back."

15 Reputation with Asia Argento [15/100]

Fifteen from that? Is she really that easy?

"That's very kind of you," Asia smiles warmly. "Thank you so much, but it's not right to not pay back a debt. Please let me."

"It's nothing," I wave it off, stopping her before she rummages through her bag. "Actually, you look lost. Are you new here?"

"Huh?" She blinks at my question. "W-well, yes. I've only been here for a little over a day."

"Funny, I'm new as well," I say. "I'm from Kansai but had to move due to school. Say, how about we explore the place together?"

"Eh? I-I mean, are you sure?"

"You need someone to translate for you, and I don't like walking alone," I insist. "C'mon, it'll be fun, I promise."

With my perk working as intended, Asia relents quite easily. Helping her earlier has given her a positive impression, and seeing how naive and easy she is, she immediately trusts me.

"That sounds nice," Asia smiles. "Thank you so much, Ms…?"

"Akane Amamiya."

"I'm Asia Argento. Pleasure to meet you."

Well, I guess skipping one day wouldn't hurt. I'll just say I felt ill or something, and Sona won't be able to question me about it. The Yakuza probably know that I'm skipping, but I'm not sure if they know anything about Asia.

She's here, confirming that the Fallen are probably here too, so why haven't they taken care of them yet? There must be a reason, but I'm not about to try to find out. I'm confident I can take on at least one Fallen, but not the entire squad.

Ichi is physically more powerful than me, so I could try to get his help in 'exploring' the abandoned church. We'll see, still not sure if I even should get in a fight with them. The only thing tempting me is the levels I'll be getting from them.

I'm so close to 100.


(Asia)

After what happened to her back in the Church, Asia practically lost her only home. She had nowhere to go after being kicked out, but she never lost hope. She knew God will light up her way as long as she believes.

And it turns out, she was right. Not long after her banishment, she was approached by certain individuals. She knew about the Supernatural but never thought she'd ever meet an Angel in her life. Well, a Fallen Angel, but an angel nonetheless.

She had been given a place to live in Italy for a while, a few weeks, before having to travel to Japan. According to the Fallen, the rest of his friends are there, and he wanted Asia to help them out as Kuoh is the turf of a very dangerous organization.

Asia didn't exactly know what their goals were, but she had to help. It's bad to not pay back your debts. They had saved her once after all. Clearly, they're doing good things, right? Why would they risk their lives by coming here otherwise?

Her belief was admittedly shaken a bit when she met Freed. He was just… off, from the way he talks and acts. She expected a respectable and honorable exorcist, not someone who keeps hurling insults at everything he sees.

It wasn't difficult for her to notice how his eyes would wander constantly. The way he gazes at her made her feel incredibly uncomfortable. She kept her mouth shut of course, but she definitely started to avoid him immediately.

Thankfully, even the Fallen Angels were annoyed with his behavior and disrespect, and Raynare made sure to keep him in check. She still intimidated Asia of course, but she can tell that she's not that bad.

...Maybe it's the weird and skimpy outfit that the blond isn't used to.

After that particular incident and Raynare's permission to leave the abandoned church just for a little while, Asia had gotten the fresh air she needed to calm down. She pushed it to the back of her mind and explored the town a little bit, enjoying her time alone.

It wasn't exactly a secret that Asia wanted to travel the world, or at least a bit of it, and seeing that her 'mission' is in Japan certainly motivated her a little. The sights already amazed her, and Kuoh wasn't even a tourist's town.

Of course, the language barrier was hard to get through seeing how different Japanese and Italian were, and even knowing English didn't help much. She struggled with the basics, only knowing the essential words like 'station' 'convenience store' and 'church' in case she gets lost.

Thankfully, the pretty girl with black hair named Akane helped her out. It wasn't every day you see someone willingly go so far to help, and it's certainly rare to see a Japanese person speak English so perfectly.

This wasn't it, though, because Asia had the most fun in her life. There were places she wanted to visit, sure, but the blond was too preoccupied with the thought that she finally has a friend that she let Akane drag her through the town.

And she's grateful for it. In Italy, she was basically confined in the church she grew up in, and while she didn't mind it much, she longed for the time she's able to explore the city and have fun, which is what she's doing right now, with a friend no less.

From simple stuff like getting ice cream to more taxing activities like singing in Karaoke, the two spent hours leaving no stone unturned. Asia never thought that someone's voice could sound so good, but this day was constantly blowing her way.

Not once did she feel out of place like the rest of her time here. She didn't know if it was having a friend that made her feel like this, or that it was because said friend was able to easily communicate with her.

In all honesty, it felt like a dream. A chance encounter like this leading up to the best day of her life? Is this God's way of rewarding her by giving her a wonderful friend? She knew her faith wasn't misplaced!

"Where did you learn how to speak English so well, Akane-san?" Asia asked.

"I told you, drop the 'san' thing, it's weird to hear in English," She said, "Well, mostly cuz I got into western culture when I was younger. Keep hearing English being spoken around you for a long time and you'll eventually pick it up, and I pick up new skills very easily."

"That's amazing. You don't even have an accent," Asia praised, genuinely surprised.

"It's a blessing," Akane winked, though with her hairstyle, it looked like she just blinked. "I can speak a little French too, but I'm not that good at it. Basic sentences and all that."

"Wow. Three languages?" The blond blinked. "I only know two."

"Better than one," She shrugged. "Speaking of, you said you were from Italy? And you're dressed like a nun, too. What's a nun doing here if you don't mind me asking?"

"Oh, w-well, I was… um…" Asia fidgeted, knowing that while lying is bad, it's necessary. "...p-put here due to some complications."

"Alright, so it's none of my business, got it."

"No, that's not it!" Asia squeaked. "I just don't know how to explain it…"

"It's fine, I shouldn't have asked in the first place," Akane patted her head, making her blush. "Anyway, there's one thing I want to show you."

"Oh?" Asia looked interested. "What is it?"

"Ever been to a batting center?" The black-haired girl asked.

"Can't say that I have."

"It's probably my favorite hobby," Akane said. "C'mon, we're here."

Asia felt a little startled when Akane held her hand, face burning as she was led inside a building. Asia didn't know what this funny feeling was, but quickly ignored it. She's clearly just not used to having friends.

Her hand feels a little cold. Asia thought. It's nice.

With that mental observation vanishing from her mind as soon as it existed, Asia blinked as the sights of this 'batting center' drew her attention. She's familiar with baseball, but to see a place dedicated to it was unusual, and it's not empty either. There were a bunch of people paying and playing, missing or hitting home runs.

So this is a batting center? Does Akane like baseball?

"There's an empty cage there," Akane said.

"O-okay."

Akane paid for two turns for some reason, ignoring Asia's protests of wanting to pay this time, then took a bat from the basket as the blond watched, a little dejected that she couldn't pay for a single thing this whole time.

"Watch and learn."

And watch Asia did, impressed at how perfectly her new friend lines up her swings, how she never missed a single pitch even after choosing the national level. Ten home runs, no misses.

"Wow, you're so good at this," Asia's eyes sparkled in amazement.

"I know," Akane smirked. "Come on, now's your turn."

"Eh?" She blinked.

"Don't you want to try?" She raised a brow. "I mean, you looked so invested I thought you'd like to take a shot."

"B-but I've never done this before."

"We all start somewhere." Akane waved it off. "Here, I'll even put the easiest level for you."

"If… if you say so," Asia timidly took a bat, surprised at how light it was before switching places with her friend.

Asia tightened her grip and waited for the pitcher machine, the first ball going past her easily as she blinked. She refocused quickly and swung as the second ball came flying, but missed again.

Third and fourth, a curveball and a fastball were a miss. Asia narrowed her eyes, determined to at least hit one.

And she did, but the angle of the hit made it a foul. Sixth was a miss, seventh wasn't a foul, but wasn't a home run either. When the eighth, a fastball, soared towards her, Asia managed to position herself just right and hit the ball, getting her first home run.

She was too happy that she hit her first and promptly forgot to hit the last two, making Akane giggle at her from the back. Asia felt a little embarrassed, but she'll admit that it felt good. This was her first time playing any sort of sport after all.

"So how was it?" Akane asked. "Fun, right?"

"It was." Asia nodded as the two left the building. "We don't have these kinds of activities back in Italy, certainly not where I live."

"Oh?"

Asia realized what she said, but couldn't stop herself, nor did she want to. She didn't know her for long, but she trusted Akane. This girl did so much for someone who was a stranger.

"I lived in a church and I wasn't allowed to leave most of the time," Asia said solemnly. "I guess I never experienced what it feels like to simply hang out with someone. I-I'm sorry if I seemed excitable back there."

"Must've been tough." Akane sympathized.

"It wasn't that bad. I love my job and I was treated nicely most of the time." Asia continued. "I just felt trapped sometimes, you know?"

"Well, if that's the case, then how are you here?" Akane raised a brow. "Something must've changed, right?"

This was the part where she was supposed to stop, but Asia couldn't. Her mouth kept moving as she revealed her story to Akane. She had enough restraint to not mention certain parts, though. It wouldn't do good if her new friend knew about devils.

"I did something bad, and I was kicked out." She summarized.

She couldn't even continue before Akane voiced her concern.

"You were kicked out?" Her eyes widened, making Asia flinch. "Just like that?"

"Y-yes-"

"Hold on, if that's the case, how did you get here?" Akane questioned in a worried tone. "Actually, forget that, it's not important. Where do you live right now?"

"T-the… abandoned church…?" Asia answered.

"Are you serious? Not even in an apartment or a motel?"

"I-I don't have enough money…" Asia muttered in shame.

"...This can't continue." Akane suddenly said. "Come with me."

Once again, Akane took her hand, this time a little roughly, and dragged her across the streets. "W-where are we going?"

"Your new home," Akane responded vaguely.

"Huh? W-what do you mean?"

She didn't answer, simply walking her through the town as Asia got comfortable with her cold hand. She didn't know what was happening, but one thing remained in her mind as she nervously looked around.

Maybe I shouldn't have told her.

Too bad Akane was too assertive for Asia to protest.




(Akane)

God, I've never seen someone so naive in my life before. I barely spent a day with Asia and her REP is almost maxed - I didn't even try hard enough. Basic niceness and an upbeat personality were enough to draw her to me like it's nothing.

Don't get me wrong, I actually like those types of people, because trying to manipulate smart or jaded individuals is usually a lot riskier and difficult. With Asia, it was child's play, and knowing her beforehand made it laughably easy.

I know that she latched onto Issei hours after meeting him, and it's Issei. The girl is so love-starved that she'd trust anyone that's moderately polite to her. I don't know what those Fallen idiots are doing letting her on her own like this. They were lucky this isn't a bad neighborhood, otherwise, she'd have gotten trafficked already.

Though, to be fair to them, they can easily track down any kind of regular criminal gang and wipe them out.

But Kuoh belongs to Yakuza, so maybe they are stupid. What makes them think they won't kidnap the girl and turn her over to their headquarters or something? I'm either missing something or the Fallen are that arrogant/dumb.

Something's definitely fishy. Maybe they don't know? That's the only thing I could think of that makes Fallen's actions look sensible.

As for what I'm doing right now, well, luring them. They want Asia, and I basically have her hostage. They won't be able to do much unless they show themselves and try to take her, which then will give me a reason to attack them.

I don't want to be the one starting trouble after all.

I open the door to my home, ignoring Asia's meek protests, and drag her inside before closing it behind us.

"From now on, you're living here," I tell her.

"But-"

"No buts. I can't let my friend live in some dunghill on her own." I cut her off. "There's a bunch of spare rooms upstairs. Choose one."

"I-I can't just barge into your h-home like this!" She argues. "You've already done so much for me- it's not right to-"

"Who's that I hear?!" My mother suddenly calls out from the stairs, making Asia flinch. "My daughter, who left me stuck in that stupid warehouse for an hour before running off and skipping school?!"

"Stop yelling, idiot. We have a guest." I respond casually, switching to Japanese.

"Oh?" Her demeanor changed almost immediately, pout turning into a smile. "Has the loner finally made a friend?"

"Hilarious." I roll my eyes. "I have a bunch of friends. Ichiban for one."

"Yeah but he's in Kamurocho." She waves it off, prompting me to realize I never told her about him. "Anyway, who's this-"

My mother freezes as she sees Asia, grin widening as she rushes like a madwoman, hugging her tightly. Asia was of course startled and confused, flailing her arms around as Mizuki coos.

"Oh my god, she's so cuuuute~!" She squeals. "I love her so much! Where did you find a nun this adorable?"

"You're choking her." I point out in deadpan. "And what is she, a pet? Treat her like a human being please."

Mizuki lets go of her and squishes her cheeks, looking so enamored by the nun. That's kinda weird.

"P-please shtop~" Asia whines, making me frown.

Shit, that was kinda cute.

"By the way, she doesn't speak Japanese if that isn't clear enough," I inform my mother.

"Well, good thing we both know how to speak fluent English." My mother says as she let go of the blond, switching to said language. "So what's your name, love?"

"I-I'm Asia Argento." She introduces herself timidly. "I-it's very nice to meet you, Miss."

"What a lovely name~" My mother praises, making Asia blush deeply. "I'm Mizuki Amamiya, Akane's mother. Did Akane invite you here?"

I love how she seemingly forgot about me skipping school or about the little prank I pulled in the gym-warehouse place. I can't tell if she's pretending to forget or she's that easy. Probably the latter.

"She doesn't have a place here- thought we had enough rooms to spare one at least," I answer before Asia could. "You don't mind if she stuck around for a few days, right?"

"What? Of course not! I'd love to~" My mother responds. "Ahhh I always wanted another daughter, y'know?"

This made Asia's face turn red, trying but failing to stutter a response. The only thing she managed to get out at the end was a quiet 'thank you' and I'll admit, that was great to see. Maybe I inherited the teasing thing from my mom.

"I'm sure Oji-san wouldn't mind giving you one," I comment, which is unfortunately ineffective against her.

"Pff, no." She scoffs. "I love him, but he's more of a brother than anything really."

"Oof, bro-zoned."

"Whatever, come on, Asia-chan." She says, gently taking her hand. "Let's show you your new room~"

"B-but I-"

"Can you stop with the honorifics when speaking English?" I call out as she drags Asia upstairs. "It sounds weird."

"I'll do whatever the hell I want, Akane-tan." She shoots back, making me click my tongue.

Bitch.

Ah, whatever. Best to drop it or she'll do it deliberately to annoy me.

Now that she's busy with pampering Asia, I guess I have a few hours to myself. I should use them wisely.

First thing I did was go to my room and change into something more comfortable, pausing as I saw the tracksuit hanging in the closet.

I never went on that run, have I?



(Ichiban)

What the hell do I do now…? He grimaced. Why did I even say yes?

He froze and said the first thing that came to mind, that's why. He knew he had a bad feeling about this day seeing that Akane skipped. He hung out with Haruka for a little while, but couldn't stay with her for too long as a dozen students swarmed her.

So he was left alone for most of the day, and good god was he bored. Everything was so damned monotonous without Akane - at least she kept him company.

This wasn't all of course. While he was pretty sure he never made any friends other than Haruka in this school, he had to wonder if he had any admirers and why. Have you ever looked at his hair? The shitty afro was supposed to keep people away.

So why in the goddamn fuck did this Yuuma, from another goddamn school, confess her love to him?

Better question: why the FUCK did he agree to be her boyfriend?!

His brain short-circuited, and he was admittedly enamored by her beauty. His lower head got the better of him and made the decision for once, and now he doesn't want to chicken out and break her heart.

And after consideration, she wasn't even that hot to begin with! Akane looks better if he's being honest.

His face turned red as he quickened his pace to his apartment.

...He can't believe he just thought that, but his point still stands. He just didn't understand why she confessed and now he's stuck with a date this Sunday. What the hell is he gonna do now?

Akane oughta know. He thought, fishing out his phone from his pocket. ...Probably.

He quickly called her number, and she responded after a few seconds.

"Hey, Ichi. What's up?" She greeted him.

"Yo, Akane, can we talk?" He asked.

"What about?"

"I…" He paused, looking around him before continuing. "Meet me at the park near the train station. I'll tell you there."

"Got it."

"Thanks."

He ended the call and made a detour. Ichiban sighed deeply.

She's gonna tease him about it, isn't she?

Last edited: Nov 26, 2021
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, TheAmnisiac and 353 others
Mirlnir
Nov 25, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 10: Conflicted
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Dec 13, 2021
Add bookmark
#224
At this point, Ichiban wasn't sure if she was doing this on purpose or not. It had taken him a bit to get used to Akane's new nature - unlike before, where she preferred to keep to herself most of the time, she's now more 'open' about herself. From the way she dresses to the way she acts. It's understandable, it's been two years and she's bound to change, but he didn't expect her to be more…

Girly? She acted more like a boy back in the day. Regardless, she was making it clear that she's not the same girl she was, intentionally or not, and seeing how she seems to love teasing him, this could be one of her annoying games.

"So what's up?" She asked, sitting on the bench next to him. "You sounded kinda urgent."

"Uh…" He stammered, trying to draw his eyes elsewhere.

But for a teenage boy like him, it wasn't easy, especially when an attractive girl wearing tight clothes was right next to him. Sweatpants that hugged her rear, thighs and legs tightly, bringing out her curves more than that bland school uniform. Red sports bra showed a generous amount of cleavage, making it clear that while she doesn't compare to certain students in Kuoh, she's still decent.

Of course, the slight sheen of sweat on her skin only made it harder to take his eyes off her. When did she get so damn attractive? Is it just hormones? Is it with age? The way she's dressed?

"Oi, eyes are up here," Akane said with a smirk, making him flinch. "What's up with you? Never seen a girl in sportswear before?"

"Ah, sorry," He apologized, face burning red. "Didn't mean to stare."

"I'm sure," She raised a brow, looking unconvinced. "It's fine, you know. I don't particularly care."

"And here I thought my balls were about to be crushed."

"Heh, well, if you were anyone else, maybe," She shrugged. "Be grateful that someone as beautiful as I gave you permission to stare."

"Yeah, whatever," He rolled his eyes, getting a bit more comfortable in her presence. "What's with the getup anyway?"

"Well, I thought I could use my free time in a positive way," She said, "School isn't difficult, so I don't need to study, and there's no interesting game I want to play. Taking a jog outside sounded nice."

"I mean, fair enough," Ichiban nodded.

"If you meant why am I wearing this specifically, well, I had no choice." She elaborated before he could question her. "I wanted a tracksuit, but then I remembered how hot it is outside, and Kaa-san handed me this instead. Trust me, I don't like it either. Too tight and stuffy."

Yeah, I can tell. His eyes glanced down at her cleavage before meeting her eyes again.

"But enough about me," She waved it off, taking a sip from the water bottle in her hands. "What do you wanna talk about?"

He grimaced, not knowing how to exactly approach this subject. Knowing how bad he was at indirect approaches, he got straight to the point.

"It's about a girl," He said, making her pause.

"Seriously? Girl problem?" Akane grinned, eyes twinkling in amusement. "Oh, this oughta be good~"

"It really isn't," Ichiban sighed. "It's… how do I say this…"

"What, do you have a girl you like?" She asked. "Is it from our class? A senpai?"

"Uh-"

"Wait, don't tell me," She continued, shutting him up by putting a delicate finger on his mouth. "Is it Haruka? I can see why she'd charm you, she's pretty cute. Nice to chat with, too. Wouldn't be surprised if you were into her."

"That's not it," He groaned, slapping her hand away. "It's the opposite."

Akane blinked. "Eh?"

"So there's this girl that I've never even seen before, and she uh, kinda walked up to me and…" His voice sounded quieter with every word. "...asked me out."

Akane froze, her grin being quickly replaced with an indescribable look. "...What."

"Yeah, that's what I felt too," He said. "It's like, why? We've only started school and I don't even look that good. I haven't made a good impression on anyone at all!"

"You can't be serious," She scoffed, looking disappointed. "You went out of your way just to tell me that? And you really think I'd believe it? Give me some credit, Ichiban."

"I'm serious!" Ichiban insisted. "Look, even I'm still shocked. It was out of nowhere that I'm still not sure if this is real."

For a moment, Akane paused, her lips thinning as she looked a little concerned. "Is it a girl from our class?"

"Nope, apparently from another school," He answered. "Wait, do you think I'm being pranked? Is this one of those cruel pranks some girls do on weird guys?"

He noticed it, Akane's face morphed into one of shock and surprise. It wasn't always she gets caught off guard like this, but clearly, she didn't expect the news either. Well, he doesn't blame her. Really, it all feels so unreal- very fake.

Why him specifically? He's pretty sure he doesn't have a good reputation with Kuoh academy, much less another school. He racked his brain for anything that might've elevated his status to 'liked' instead of being seen as 'that weirdo with the afro' but nothing.

No, he didn't make up that title. He overheard a few girls call him that.

"That's gotta be it," Ichiban nodded. "I mean, come on, who would want to go out with me, eh Akane?"

When he glanced at her, Akane had a deep frown on her face as the shock faded. He blinked in confusion, unsure of what she's feeling. She looks kinda mad? Worried? A weird combination of the two.

"Akane?"

"...So what's her name?" Akane asked him suddenly.

"The girl? Yuuma I think."

He saw it, a twinge of familiar anger sparking in her eyes before quickly calming down, her face reverting to a thoughtful frown. The worry was clear on her face as if she was reflecting on things. Was she really that worried about him?

And what was that annoyed expression just now?

"Alright, so what's the issue exactly?" She sighed. "You don't know how to respond? Just do what I did with that Yuuta guy or whatever his name was."

...Well, that's weird. He blinked. She believed me just like that. Maybe she thinks it's a prank too?

"First, I think his name was Yuuto. Second, I'm not gonna roast the shit out of her for the hell of it," He responded. "Third… I kinda accidentally said yes."

Akane whipped her head at him with a shocked expression, the water bottle in her hand slipping and falling on the ground. She struggled to say something, seemingly baffled by what she just heard, which made Ichiban blush in embarrassment.

And there it is.

"Why?"

"I-I just froze up, alright?"

"How? Seriously, how does that even happen?" Akane's shock slowly subsided, her expression forming into a grin. "Are you stupid?"

"What the hell was I supposed to do?!"

"Say no ya retard!" She laughed, switching to her Kansai dialect. "How the hell do you fuck up like this?!"

His face only reddened as she continued laughing at his predicament. Ichiban scoffed, he knew he needed to be ready for teasing and mockery from her, but he didn't expect her to find the whole thing this funny.

Hell, he never heard her laugh this hard before. There were tears in her eyes for god's sake. So what if he screwed up? Is he not allowed to make mistakes?

"You can stop laughing now," He growled.

"Hahaha, this is gold!" She panted, finally calming down. "God, yer so stupid!"

"We established that already."

"Aw, don't look so mad. I was just caught off guard," She patted his back. "If anything, I like my men a little stupid, so you still have a chance."

"Yeah, yeah- wait," His eyes widened as he processed his words. "Wait, what?"

"Alright. So you want to break off, yeah?" She said, as if what she stated earlier didn't mean anything.

He stared at her for a second before responding. "U-uhm, yeah, that's it. We have a date on Sunday you see, so the day after tomorrow. Dunno how to go about it though."

Prolly imagining things. He thought. I mean, she probably doesn't even see me that way.

"Right, well, not gonna lie to you, it'll be a bit tough," Akane said. "I mean, emotionally tough. Breaking a girl's heart is painful no matter what."

"Yeah, that's what I'm worried about," He sighed. "Any idea how I can cancel the date?"

"Don't," Akane crossed her arms. "Go along with it."

"Eh?"

"I know how it sounds, but give the girl a chance. She might surprise you, you know," She explained. "I mean, what are you so afraid of?"

"Well…"

"Not a lot of guys get this chance, Ichi. Even in our female-dominated school, a girl confessing her feelings to a guy is five times rarer than the other way around," She continues. "You might get along with this Yuuma, make the relationship serious even."

"I get that, I really do. I mean, she's really cute," He replied. "But I'm not looking for a relationship right now, I guess."

"Oh? Is there a reason for that?"

"Yeah…" He scratched his cheek nervously. "Remember when I told you I figured out what I want to be?"

"What about it?"

"My dream job is... Well, it doesn't really allow relationships," As Ichiban said that, his back itched, the ink on it acting as a reminder of his oath.

"Ahh," Akane nodded in understanding. "Fair enough. That's a reason I can understand. So it's not about what you want, it's that you can't give her a chance."

"Yup."

"Then how about going along with it as compensation?" She suggested. "I mean, you kinda agreed, so you have to suffer the consequences. It'd be pretty horrible if you canceled right now."

"But what if it was a prank?"

"Then I'll fill the spot," She gave him a sultry smirk. "Wouldn't want my buddy to be stood up after all."

His face turned red at the idea, but he didn't turn it down. I mean, it's just a joke. She probably means hanging out like we always do or something…

"I...I guess," He rubbed his neck.

"Regardless, if it makes you feel any better, I can follow you around from a distance," She offered. "In case anything goes south of course. I can cover for you if need be."

"You'd do that?" He asked in surprise.

"Of course. That's what friends are for, no?" Akane patted him on the shoulder. "I expect you do the same if I accidentally said yes to a guy who asks me out."

"You're not gonna live it down, are you?"

"You kidding?" She snorted. "This is comedy gold. Wish I was there to witness it in person."

He sighed in exasperation but then smiled. "Thanks, though. For real, you're a lifesaver. Don't think I'd be able to get out of it without you."

"Not doing this for free, by the way," She said. "I demand chocolate cake as payment. A big one."

"Of course it's chocolate," Ichiban shook his head. "I'll get you the damned cake. Happy?"

"Very much so," She said, standing up. "We can prepare tomorrow, there's a couple of things I need to do first. Not even done with my workout yet."

"Sure. Let's meet up here at 3 pm tomorrow. We can hang out after."

"Sounds good," She smiled, giving him a fistbump. "See you soon, Ichi."

He waved her goodbye, watching her restart her jog until she was out of sight. Ichiban turned his gaze away and stared at the setting sun. Giving this Yuuma a chance sounded nice, but then again, it's not smart to date normal people when you're planning to dive deep into the supernatural unless they're deep into it too.

Even if their relationship got serious, the ink on his back is bound to scare her away. Nobody wants to date a future Yakuza anyway, and there's barely any woman who's part of the Tojo clan.

Guess this is one of the drawbacks of joining the Yakuza that Arakawa was telling him about…



(Mizuki)

"Where is it…?" She murmured, looking through her keys as she stood in front of the door. "Ah, here."

Just as she was about to insert the key, the door opened and Asia greeted her with a small smile. "H-hello, Mrs. Amamiya."

"I'm home," She smiled, lifting the bag in her hand. "And I brought food."

Asia nodded and stepped away for her to enter, closing the door behind her as she put the bag on the dinner table. She looked around, trying to sense her daughter anywhere but to no avail.

"Akane didn't come back?" She asked the blond, who shook her head.

"S-she didn't," Asia said, looking a little nervous. "I'm worried about her."

"She is late," Mizuki mumbled, looking at the time. "Weird, should've returned by now."

She glanced at Asia, who while looking more comfortable than before, was still a little nervous. Mizuki wouldn't blame her, her daughter practically kidnapped the nun out of nowhere, which she found pretty out of character.

Akane has a bit of trouble trusting people - usually would take her weeks to even show an iota of trust to somebody, so to drag someone she just met today into her home was very weird. Mizuki didn't bring it up, though, because, after a bit, she realized why Akane did this.

The girl across from the dinner table has a Sacred Gear.

Mizuki noticed that the girl was trying to hide it, and was doing an incredible job at it as well. If she had never gone through the specialized assassin training, she never would've sensed it at all, which shocked her.

She isn't that surprised that the Yakuza never noticed. You'd need to be especially skilled, and even then, Mizuki wasn't able to sense her from too far. She needs to be close and actively focusing on her energy signature to sense it. Odd - someone like her shouldn't be anywhere near as skilled to pull off something like this.

Even then, then how the hell did her daughter sense this? Akane clearly brought the girl here for this very reason. Why would she help Asia otherwise? Akane is admittedly selfish - showing such generosity to someone out of the blue like this was strange.

She'd lend a hand to someone getting harassed on the streets, but she wouldn't bring them home because they didn't have a home or whatnot. So her daughter is a master at magic sensing? Was that it?

It doesn't really make sense, though. She just started using magic recently. Absurd growth or not, that's just not possible. Her daughter is hiding something big.

"U-um, is Akane getting here soon?" Asia asked innocently, prompting the older woman to smile nonchalantly.

"It'll be fiiiine," Mizuki assured her. "I'm sure she has her own reason to be late."

"Oh, okay," Asia deflated a little.

God, she's so cute. Mizuki's smile turned warm. Would've adopted her if she wasn't so suspicious~

What the hell is a nun doing in Japan anyway? Without any supervision or bodyguards from the church? Aside from her surprise seeing an untouched nun from that hole of degeneracy, it's wild to see one on her own here.

Sometimes, Mizuki wondered if the church were just devils in human flesh. Her former assassin clan butted heads with them far too many times, and she's seen firsthand how disgusting they are.

Experiments on children, constant raping of female agents, greed of the higher-ups - general corruption basically. Wild how the Angels never gave much of a fuck about what's been happening downstairs as they sat there twiddling their thumbs. Can't do shit without their daddy apparently.

From what one of her former coworkers said, the corruption of the church began to take root after the death of god, and it slowly got worse throughout the years. She never cared, though. If that's what happens to a faction after their leader's death, then the foundation of said faction was weak, and it deserves to be destroyed.

Of course, most of the blame lies on the limp-dicked Seraphs that are too passive to do shit. They let so many walk all over them because they're too afraid of war. Currently, the angels are the weakest of the three factions, as their numbers can't be restored very easily.

Mizuki doesn't necessarily hate them, but she couldn't bring herself to respect them either. If they did their job, the devils' peerage system wouldn't have existed in the first place.

Not like I made their job any easier. She thought. After all, there were four Great Seraphs at some point.

"So, Asia?" Mizuki started. "What do you think of my daughter?"

"Eh? Oh! Well, she's been very kind to me," Asia smiled. "She helped me with the language barrier and we left to do many fun things around town."

"Oho? Like?"

"We went to this 'Arcade'. I've never gone to one before, but we had a lot of fun there," She said. "A-and Akane has a really beautiful voice."

"Ehe, I know, right?" Mizuki gave a dopey grin. "Sometimes, I feel like I've been blessed with an Angel as a daughter."

The irony of that statement wasn't lost on her of course. If anything, it felt like an inside joke that she had to struggle to prevent herself from laughing.

"What about Mr. Amamiya?" Asia questioned innocently, making Mizuki wince. "Is he not here?"

"I'm afraid not," The mother sighed sadly.

The change in tone made Asia frown guiltily as she realized what it meant. "I-I'm very sorry, I didn't mean to bring it up."

"It's alright, love. It is a depressing memory, but it happened many years ago," Mizuki smiled softly. "Let's forget about it and eat. It's getting late."

"Eh? B-but what about Akane?"

"Oh don't worry about her. I'll bring her the food later," Mizuki waved it off.

"Oh, no, I shouldn't," Asia declined. "It wouldn't be right to eat without Akane. Please, I'd like to wait for her."

Ah, she's so nice~

"I'm telling ya, it'll be alright," The mother persisted. "This isn't the first time it happened."

"B-b-but-"

The blond's stomach growled, making her face turn red from embarrassment as Mizuki giggled in amusement. "The body doesn't lie, Asia. Is is no sin to give in to your hunger~"

"Uwah…" Asia covered her face in embarrassment.

Suspicious or not, she's great daughter material. Maybe little sister material for her actual daughter. She'll just keep an eye on her, give Majima and Akiyama a heads-up about her.

They get along well enough. Mizuki thought. Maybe my dream of getting another adorable daughter isn't impossible after all~

She just hoped that whatever Akane is hiding isn't too big. She has to confront her about it soon. Something is very off about all of this.

(Akane)

I didn't expect a change nearly that big would occur this early, but I guess I should've. I need to keep reminding myself that I shouldn't view my metaknowledge as a gospel. To think that Ichiban is a possible wielder of a Sacred Gear...

Who'd have thought that? I was so focused on Issei having the Boosted Gear that I didn't think someone else would have one. After all, that Sanji guy had one, so why not add a third wielder?

Though, what caused the change? Why did Raynare target Ichiban instead of Issei? Was it on a whim? Or maybe they're targeting both at the same time. After all, there are four fallen angels, and three of them are women.

That means Issei might be in danger. I need to prevent them from killing Ichi and Issei, but how do I do that? I'm gonna be too busy defending one of them - clearly, the two aren't gonna be close to one another when the fallen decide to kill them.

This needs planning. Ichiban is likely strong enough to defend himself for a bit, but he'll be caught off guard. Issei is weak and unaware - he's a priority right now as much as I hate to admit it.

I must warn Ichiban somehow, without it being too obvious. He's not good at hiding his emotions, so the fallen will notice the shift in his attitude and attack immediately. I also have to track Issei and protect him too.

I only told Ichi to go along with it so I can lure out Raynare herself. She won't be expecting me or anyone else tracking Ichiban on his 'date' with her. It's the safest way to deal with this issue. And hey, it increased my REP with him quite a bit. Not sure if it was due to my offer and advice or my flirting, but I'm not complaining.

5 Reputation with Ichiban Kasuga [90/100]

Assuming the fallen decided to kill them on the same day, but it's better to assume the worst in these kinds of scenarios. I should go to school tomorrow and check up on Issei to see if he got his date too.

Should I ask for help? Aside from my mother who I don't want to worry too much, my uncle is far stronger than the fallen, probably strong enough to beat them on his own if I'm being honest, and he's likely gonna listen to my words and help.

I can tell him to keep an eye out on Ichiban as I go after Issei. Ichi and I are already good friends, but I don't have a good relationship with Issei. If I save him from a Fallen, I'll get his gratitude and I'll be able to integrate him into our group. This way I can farm reputation and affection until I have him fully under my control.

But I'm getting too ahead of myself. Too much overthinking isn't good, I need to observe a little more before making such plans. I'm still not even fully sure the fallen will attack Issei soon, maybe they'll do so next week or something.

Ugh, the things I do for people. Playing hero is stressful.

On the bright side, if I succeed, I get two friends with Sacred Gears. One with a Boosted Gear - a broken Longinus - and the other a mystery.

It'll be tough, but high risk high reward as the saying goes. This is why I'm working out extra hard - I have to finish the training quest by tomorrow for the extra stats as insurance. I'm pretty confident in my INT and WIS as mine already surpassed Sona, who is likely a lot stronger than the fallen, but my physical stats are lacking.

Once I get the perk for the END and STR stats, I should be more than tough enough to beat them back, if not outright stop their plans right there and then.

Though, would it be fair to assume that Issei might not have a Sacred Gear? This of course changes so much that I honestly don't want to think about it, but I think it's better to consider it. Expect the unexpected and all that. If he doesn't…

Then I'm gonna mug him in the middle of the night. Bastard could've made me apologize to him for nothing. He's going to the fucking hospital alongside his shitty friends.

Quest added

-[Beginning of a New Story] - Quest

Objective: Stop the Fallen Angel's plans

Bonus Objective: Kill the Fallen Angels

Rewards: Cryomancy Spellbook [Random], 1 Rare Gacha Token, Moderate EXP

Bonus Rewards: Cryomancy Spellbook [Random] 1 Epic Gacha Token, Major EXP

Oh.

Thank you, Game. I appreciate it. Truly.

"Oh, you're still here?"

I glance at my mother, who has a Mcdonald's bag as she closes the door of the warehouse behind her before returning to focus back on my workout. I didn't give her much thought to be honest.

"You really took it seriously, huh?"

"I suppose."

"Hehe, that's my girl," Mizuki puffs her chest in pride. "Though, are you sure you're not overworking?"

"I'm fine. If anything, I'm just a little hungry."

"Well, Asia and I already ate, but I got your food right here," She says. "Should've seen the girl, she tried to eat a burger with a fork and knife. She's so cute~"

"I'm working out and you got me Mcdonald's of all things?" I raise a brow, stopping the treadmill. "Didn't you say I should stop eating Fast Food?"

"You're the one who knows her restaurants. I just got the closest thing to our house," She shrugs. "Besides, I'm lovin' it."

I cringe at her shitty attempt to 'joke' before snatching the bag out of her hand. "That was horrible and you should feel bad."

"Hehe." She grins cheerfully.

I sigh and shake my head, stepping out of the treadmill before heading towards the couch. I put the bag on the table and take the food out of it. I've been craving a greasy burger for a bit now, and thankfully the workout quest says nothing about what I eat.

I can probably eat the worst kinds of food out there and suffer no consequences as soon as I get the Perfect Body perk. No more worrying about my calorie intake, hooray.

"So where's Asia anyway?" I ask before biting into my food.

"She went to bed," Mizuki answered. "She got very sleepy after eating. Poor girl must've been exhausted."

"Hm, good for her, then."

With this little exchange, I focus on my food, a few moments of companionable silence passing by. I try to come up with a solution to my current predicament - saving Issei and Ichi at the same time - but the best plan I have now is involving my uncle.

My mother… She's physically weak, but I can tell she's pretty knowledgeable and experienced even without knowing who she was before. Can she maybe defeat someone if they weren't aware of her? After all, assassin's don't generally fight face-to-face.

…Nah, I think it's safer if I just involve Akiyama. The Fallen are probably weaker than Sona or Rias, and he's way above the heiresses. I shouldn't risk my mother's life over something like this.

"Hey, so I was thinking," My mother starts. "Why did you offer Asia to live with us for the time being?"

"Hm?" I raise a brow, swallowing the last bit of my food. "Well, obviously because she has nowhere to go-"

"It's her Sacred Gear, isn't it?"

I freeze, my face twitching as I calm myself. Really shouldn't panic, what is she gonna do about it anyway? I should probably come clean, she knows already. No point in lying.

"...Yeah, that's it," I nod, answering her truthfully. "Felt something weird inside her, so I assumed it was one of those Sacred Gears you talked about."

"And you brought her to our house, why?"

"Don't you remember?" I smile a bit. "You said there are devils in Kuoh, and I didn't want the poor girl to be involved in their peerages or whatnot."

"Hm, fair," She said, looking oddly serious. "I'm just wondering how you felt it."

"You mean the Sacred Gear?" I look at her in confusion. "Well, easy. I just sensed it."

She's acting a little weird. Something's off, she's too suspicious. I didn't fuck up somehow, did I?

"Easy?" She looks at me right in the eye. "I was barely able to sense it myself. It wasn't easy for me, so how was it for you?"

Ah…

"What are you hiding?"

Shit.

I feel cold sweat trailing down my cheek and clench my fist nervously. I was careless, it seems, too careless. I had no hopes of fooling an assassin from the start - I had to be a lot more subtle.

I panicked a little when I realized that Asia was gonna return to the fallen. If she did, then there's a huge chance that they were going to kill her. I had to save her, but doing that so recklessly made my plans too obvious.

But… why couldn't she, a 'legendary hitwoman' easily sense Asia's Sacred Gear? Of course, I personally didn't need to sense it as I had my knowledge. Sure, I shouldn't be too reliant on it, but if she doesn't have it, then what the hell would she be doing in Japan?

There's a reason she's here, and what confirmed her purpose was knowing that she lived in the abandoned church. I'm certain that's where the Fallen live.

Is Asia that skilled at hiding her powers? Some unknown third party?

"...I'm not hiding anything," I lie, even when I knew she wouldn't buy it. I can't just tell her about The Gamer, or anything close to it. "You're imagining things."

"We both know that's not true," She insists, taking a step towards me. "Please, tell me the truth, Akane. I just want to understand you."

I stand up from the couch, trying to think of a solution. How do I avoid telling her? No, how do I avoid telling her without having her become too suspicious of me? I can't lie, she can easily deflect anything back at me.

Think, something that can stop her from questioning me now and in the future. A short and long-term plan.

"Why should I tell you?" I narrow my eyes, trying to buy time so I can come up with something.

"B-because I'm your mother. I worry about you," She says, looking a little hurt at my distrust. "Look, I-I notice these little things, alright?"

"What do you mean?"

"The way you zone out?" She says, making me grimace as I realize what she's referring to. "T-the way you look so… lifeless? It scares me, Akane. I have to know what's wrong."

"You don't," I say bluntly. "Because there's nothing wrong with me."

"You know that doesn't exactly help your case," Mizuki narrows her eyes, a mildly annoyed look on her face. "Stop lying to me, Akane."

I stay quiet for a moment before I get an idea. I surprise her as I gaze back into her eyes with a scowl. Nothing much I can do right now, if I have to protect a secret, then I need to reveal another.

"Didn't know you were this much of a hypocrite, Kaa-san," I scoff. "I'd stop lying if you did."

She freezes as her eyes go wide. "W-what?"

"You think I don't know?" I say. "The whole fucking armory in your room? What the hell was that about, huh?"

Mizuki flinches and steps back, her glare morphing into a terrified look. "I-I…"

"You might've told me about how this supernatural thing works, but you never once told me about your position in it," I state, stepping towards her. "I mean, what would a housewife want with some military-grade weapons?"

"T-that's- well…" She panics, taking a step back.

"I don't know what you need those for, but you're clearly not who I thought you were," I laugh bitterly, my throat suddenly tightening uncomfortably. "Really, am I even talking to my mother here? Or are you just pretending?"

This makes her flinch violently, trembling as she tries to utter a response.

"O-of course I'm your mother!" She says, tears forming at the corners of her eyes. "H-how can you even say that?!"

"Oh I dunno, seeing so many weapons specifically designed to kill made me have second fucking thoughts!" My scowl deepens as I feel my blood boil. Why is this making me feel like this? Why is my heart beating so fast? "What the hell do you need these for?"

"T-they're…" She looks away, unable to answer.

"You won't even give me a clear answer," I scoff. "And you know what? I would've been fine with that. You have your own secrets, I respect that."

"But when you try to force me to spill my own, that's when we have a fucking problem," I continue, calming myself down. "I'll keep it short and say this: You're not entitled to know anything about me, got it?"

"I'm sorry…" She whispers, barely holding back the tears.

My scowl drops for a moment as my heart starts to feel uncomfortable. I shake my head and ignore this feeling, doubling down instead of trying to comfort her.

"Yeah. You should be."

-5 Affection with Mizuki Amamiya [90/100]

10 Obedience with Mizuki Amamiya [60/100]

I mask my anger as I see the messages, then head towards the exit. "I'm going home. Goodnight."

"W-wait-" She tries to call for me, but I ignore her.

I don't even look back as I close the door behind me. Taking a deep breath as I finally ask what's been mildly bothering me for a while. I tried to ignore it or chalk it off as something insignificant, but with how I felt right now, I need to know.

I can deny it all I want, but there's no doubt that I do care about her- them. I need an explanation, Game. The Sociopath trait said that forming emotional bonds is impossible, so what the hell is going on? Why did I feel so emotional?

Complications with the reincarnation process. Pay it no mind-​

Oh no, I will pay it mind. What the fuck was that all about?

As I said, the reincarnation process did not go as smoothly as I expected. What you're feeling is normal.

I've been monitoring it, and so far, I have yet to see anything severely limiting or detrimental. You are fine.​

Fine or not, I need it to stop. How the hell do I get rid of it?

With waiting. Growing powerful will speed up the process.​

I rub the bridge of my nose with a frustrated sigh. So nothing has changed. I just keep doing what I'm doing right now while trying to ignore this shit.

I frown and glare at the blue text box in front of my face. I feel like you're hiding something.

I don't get a response and walk home. Whatever, if getting strong is what I need to do then so be it. I'll just have to stomach these emotions right now and try to mute it. Getting 'friends' is just gonna drag me down.

They're a liability. I don't need them.

All I need to rely on is myself.



(Raynare)

"What do you mean you lost her?!" She snarled at the stupid human, who shrugged nonchalantly. "Do you have any idea how valuable the girl is?!"

"Look, I'm just sayin' that she may or may not have gotten kidnapped," He said. "You know how paranoid those Yakuza fucks are? It ain't easy laying low even with the Energy Inhibitors we have."

"So you just let her get kidnapped? Without even trying to stop her?" She grabbed him by the collar and lifted him up. "You incompetent idiot! We can't let the Tojo Clan get Asia- Cadre Kokabiel will have our heads!"

"Well, whose fault is it?" He smirked, even as a nervous sweat trailed down his cheek. "You dumb bitch just let her go to 'take a breather' and look how that worked out."

"And I told you to follow her and make sure she doesn't get in trouble, fuckface!" She screamed. "Are you trying to sabotage our plans? Because nobody will cry over your shitty worthless corpse, human."

Even Freed flinched at the hostility. Strong or not, Raynare is still a veteran that had years of experience under her belt. Sure, she can admit that she's not the strongest out there, but someone like this stupid human isn't powerful enough to face her.

Said human might've completely ruined their plans with his sheer incompetence. It was a simple enough plan: Get Asia, wait for the Sacred Gear Extractor that will arrive tomorrow morning, get Twilight Healing, then finish Phase Two by killing the two others in Kuoh extracting their gears.

She's not dumb enough to fight two Sacred Gear users without any backup plan. Asia is the easiest of the bunch. She's not a fighter, so there won't be much trouble getting her Sacred Gear, which is why she's keeping the other two for last. It's always good to be cautious when deep in Yakuza turf. Who knows if the other two unlocked theirs or not.

If yes, then Twilight Healing will be a very useful tool against them. The report was saying that one of them is a possible Longinus wielder, and when Raynare got close to this Ichiban boy, she sensed a powerful draconic aura from him.

He must be the one with the Longinus. From what Kalawarner said, Issei Hyoudou had a draconic aura too, but his was very faint, almost unnoticeable. He wasn't as important but still needed to be dealt with before the Devil Heiresses or the Yakuza notice.

She wasn't sure why Cadre Kokabiel was so adamant on getting the Sacred Gears from Kuoh - this could very well be a declaration of war, and last time she checked, Lord Azazel hated war.

She's not supposed to question her orders, though. The Cadre said this was an order from Lord Azazel, so her job was simply to shut up and do what she's told. Raynare isn't about to piss off someone who can kill her with a glare because she's suspicious.

"W-well, if it's any consolation," Freed put his hands up. "I saw who took her."

"W-what?" Her eyes widened. "Then why didn't you start with that, dipshit?!"

"You didn't let me?" He shrugged with a raised brow. "You kinda started screeching the moment I came back, couldn't get a word in over your whining."

Raynare gritted her teeth in anger before letting him down. "Speak."

"Ahem, thank you," He nodded. "Well, remember the emo bitch I told you about?"

"...A-Akane Amamiya?"

"Yes, that bitch," He grinned. "Well, Asia got dragged around town by her, and… well, you should know the rest."

Oh… oh no…

"You're telling me Asia was 'kidnapped' by the one person with guards literally flocking her everywhere she goes?" Raynare's blood ran cold. "Are you serious?"

"Eyup."

How the fuck am I supposed to get her back then?! She grimaced as her heart thumped in her chest. I'm so fucked. If Cadre Kokabiel hears about this…

"Why the hell didn't you interfere?" She growled at him.

"My dear, bitchy Raven, if I did, then I don't think I would've been able to hold myself back from teaching that whore a lesson,," He shook his head as if he's saying the most obvious thing before chuckling. "You should be thankful I didn't fuck up the plan."

"The plan is already fucked you stupid manchild!" She roared, grabbing him by the throat before slamming him on the wall. "Now we lost our only possible chance of getting the Gears without alerting the fucking Tojo Clan."

Freed choked as Raynare tightened her grip, but even then, he grinned madly.

"Damn it, I knew I should've let Mittelt go after her," She cursed. "Instead I let your dumbass handle something clearly above your mental capacity."

His face turned red as he tried to breathe, and before Raynare could kill him, she let Freed go, prompting him to cough and gasp for air. Kalawarner and Mittelt entered the room, looking at the panting Freed in concern and worry.

They're not worried about him, of course, but likely concerned over their leader's outburst. Raynare calmed herself as her partner addressed her. Getting angry is no use, it won't make Asia magically teleport here.

"We heard everything," Kala said. "How will we proceed now?"

Raynare paused for a moment before answering.

"There isn't much we can do. We will start Phase 2 without Twilight Healing," She said. "Kala, as I told you before, Ed will assist you in case anything goes south. Freed, you're with me."

"Aha… ahaha," He laughed raspingly. "And here I thought you were gonna ground me."

"There will be consequences once we get this over with," She scowled. "Right now, you'll act as my guard. I'm sure you won't object, will you?"

"Oh, I'll be honored to guard you, my mistress," He bowed sarcastically.

Her anger flared at his disrespect, but she ignored him. "Mittelt, you, Dohnaseek, and the rest of the stray exorcists will remain here as backup."

"Understood," The blond Fallen Angel nodded.

All Raynare can do now is salvage whatever she can. The plan isn't fully ruined thankfully - the Yakuza seem to be unaware of them due to the Energy Inhibitors technology they got from one of Cadre Kokabiel's associates, but this is no excuse.

One small mistake could be the end of them all.

And Raynare is not ready to die just yet.
Last edited: Jan 5, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, TheAmnisiac and 304 others
Mirlnir
Dec 13, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 11: Strike
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 10, 2022
Add bookmark
#239
She groaned as her vision focused, yawning before glancing at the clock. She grimaced when she saw the time, 1:30 PM, then remembered that she's unemployed, and promptly slumped over on the bed again.

The pros of being a billionaire. No need to work anymore, unless you're a greedy asshat of course.

Mizuki sighed deeply as her thoughts traveled to what happened back in that warehouse, mentally beating herself over her own stupidity. If she'd just been honest with her daughter from the beginning, that wouldn't have happened.

She pushed herself to get up, heading to the bathroom to freshen up. She winced as she saw her reflection, a clear sign of how shitty her night has been after that. Bags under her eyes, messy hair - well, messier than usual anyhow - and all-around tired.

It looked like she didn't even sleep a wink. In fact, it would've been better for her if she pulled an all-nighter, but she had to drink herself to sleep because she can't seem to function without alcohol when she's sad.

"I gotta quit drinkin'..." Mizuki muttered, then after a few seconds scoffed. "Nah."

At the very least, there aren't any wrinkles. She's still a woman who looks in her mid-twenties at least, and that's all she's asking for. Hurray for Yokai blood~

"Hahhh…" She sighed deeply.

She didn't know what Akane was thinking right now, but if that outburst was any indication, then she's likely still pissed. As violent as she is, her daughter doesn't usually take a lot of things seriously, so no matter how annoying Mizuki acted, she never got so defensive and angry. Not like this.

Even then, Mizuki knew when to stop. Akane's anger is almost always directed to strangers, as she hated confrontation with people close to her, but even she had a limit, and Mizuki clearly crossed it last night.

What was she doing, pressing her like this? She should've got the message and backed off the moment Akane tensed and acted ignorantly. Demanding anything serious like that from her girl is only gonna piss her off.

And she realized how hypocritical she was when she pointed it out. Mizuki kept secrets the entire time, so she was never entitled to know what her daughter was hiding. Akane knew that much, but still, she kept her distance and never tried to pry for anything.

But honestly? She can't let this continue. Whatever she's hiding, it's making her more and more isolated. It scared the mother, these symptoms reminded her too much of those bloodthirsty monsters she used to call a family.

She will not allow her daughter to become anything like them, no matter how angry she gets at her. She will figure it out, pull her away from that slippery slope, and everything will be okay. Though, how the hell is she gonna do that?

As she freshened up, Mizuki went down the stairs, rubbing her eyes as she saw Asia sweeping the place with a… broom. What is she doing? Wait, where did she get that broom from? Who even uses a broom anymore?

"Oh, good morning!" Asia greeted with a beaming smile as she spotted the older woman.

"Morning," Mizuki yawned. "What are you doing, Asia?"

"Oh, um, I'm cleaning the house."

"I see that," She sighed. "I mean why are you cleaning the house?"

"W-well, you and Akane-san have been really good to me, so I thought I could help around a little," Asia said. "I-I'm not very good at many things, but I can cook and clean…"

Asia trailed off and gazed elsewhere, fidgeting slightly.

Mizuki smiled warmly. She's so sweet~

"Thank you, Asia, though you could've used a vacuum cleaner," Mizuki said. "It's a lot easier to use than a broom."

"A… vacuum cleaner?" She tilted her head.

…Has she been living under a rock? Mizuki thought with a confused look.

"Well, I'll show you how to use it later," She said, heading towards the kitchen. "Once I have my morning coffee at least."

"Oh, please let me," Asia said enthusiastically, stepping in front of her. "It's the least I could do."

"Well-"

"Would you like some breakfast?" Asia offered. "I've practiced cooking quite a lot back in Italy. Is there anything you like in particular?"

She's not backing down, is she?

"Surprise me," Mizuki sighed fondly.

With a wide smile, Asia rushed to the kitchen as Mizuki slumped over the couch, massaging her temples as her headache persisted. She learned how to tolerate pain a thousand times worse than this with ease, but it doesn't mean she can't feel it. It certainly didn't help with the emotional turmoil she's currently going through

How the hell is she gonna make it up to her daughter? She had a golden chance to tell her everything earlier when they talked about the supernatural, but she had to chicken out and look where that brought her. She's such an idiot.

If she had told Akane everything, then her reaction would've been nowhere near as hostile, assuming she accepts her mother for what she used to do. But that's the problem, isn't it? What made Mizuki hesitate?

Whether she made her daughter angry or not, that doesn't come close to what her reaction could be if she knew that Mizuki was a bloodthirsty murderer. And it's not like she can deny it.

Because she used to enjoy it. She used to love seeing the blood of her enemies being spilled, adoring that look of despair on the face of her target as she drove a dagger through their backs. All she ever wanted to do at the time was to prove her superiority and strength, to show that she was the most powerful warrior her clan ever produced, that she was worthy to lead it.

Even when she developed a genuine sense of guilt and conscience, it was too late. There was no denying it.

Mizuki was a cold-blooded killer, and she loved it.

So why in the hell would her daughter love her despite the fact?

"Here's your breakfast, Mrs. Amamiya!" Asia shook her out of her thoughts, putting the tray on the table in front of her. "T-the toast got burnt a little, but I really hope you enjoy it!"

"Oooh looks delicious~" Mizuki grinned, shoving those thoughts to the back of her mind. "Man, this brings me back when my hubby was around~"

"Oh?"

"You may not know, but neither I nor Akane are good at cooking. We just know the basics," Mizuki explained. "Tatsu used to do all the cooking and cleaning though."

"Wow, really?" Asia sat next to her, looking interested. "What was he like?"

"He's the kindest, coolest, and most handsome man in the world~" She cooed. "He's always been so reliable, doing all the housework by himself without ever asking for help."

As Mizuki was about to gush about her husband some more, seemingly forgetting her earlier headache, her daughter made herself known by going down the stairs, making her tense a little as she looked away.

All she noticed was Akane wearing her sportswear. She didn't know if she stared at her back or ignored her, but thankfully there was no confrontation as she simply walked to the front door without uttering a single word.

"Ah, Akane-san, wait!" Asia stopped her.

"Hm?"

"Would you like some breakfast first?" She offered. "I-I made it myself…"

"Thanks, but I'm not hungry," Akane replied.

"Oh…" Asia frowned sadly.

"When I get back maybe," She added. "See you, Asia."

"Goodbye, Akane-san!" The blond bowed a little. "Be safe."

With that brief exchange done, Akane left the house, closing the door behind her. Mizuki felt the atmosphere lighten up a little and sighed in relief, thankful that her daughter didn't start trouble.

"Um, Amamiya-san?" Asia looked worried. "Are you okay? You look a little sad."

"Oh, it's alright, don't worry," Mizuki smiled, finishing her breakfast. "Was just thinking of my late husband."

"I'm sorry for your loss."

"Ah, I told you, I got over it," She waved it off. "Oh wait, I know!"

"What?"

"Since you'll live with us for a while, how about we go shopping?" Mizuki offered. "As cute as you look with that outfit, you need variety."

Asia blushed. "A-am I cute?"

"Very cute," Mizuki patted her head. "Let me dress up and we can go, okay?"

"Okay. Thank you, Amamiya-san."

She smiled and left the nun for her bedroom, thankfully able to divert her attention elsewhere. She doesn't need someone getting caught in the crossfire between her and Akane right now. As much as she's fond of Asia, this is a problem between her and her daughter.

Mizuki frowned a little. They won't get anywhere if she freezes up every time her daughter walks past her, though.

But how the hell is she supposed to bring it up?



(Ichiban)

"This is the best thing humanity has ever created." His friend said with a satisfied smile, a spoonful of cake in her mouth as he looked out the window of the cafe. "God, it's so good~"

"I tried to get that brand you liked so much," Ichiban said, turning his gaze back at her. "I was lucky to find one. It gets sold fast."

"You know they're pretty expensive, right?" Akane raised a brow. "Since when was a homeless bum like you able to afford it?"

Oh, she has no idea. Now someone like her, Akane can eat that certain chocolate cake every day without it making a dent on her wallet, but for someone like him? With a limited allowance? He's barely scraping by as it is.

For Ichiban, saving money isn't particularly difficult. He lived most of his life in the lower echelons of society - money was pretty hard to come by. He usually got most of his cash from the dumbass delinquents that pick fights with him or whatever gang member who thinks they're hot shit.

He'd save up everything in case of emergencies, living on convenience store bentos and sometimes buying video games. Not like he needs to spend it on anything else.

"First of all, I'm not homeless," He scoffed. "Second, I'd rather not take any chances with you, so I got the best one I could."

"What's this? I never thought you'd take my requests that seriously," She grinned, a pink hue dusting her cheeks. "I might get the wrong idea, Ichi. If you have something to confess, spit it out. I might even give you a chance."

"Har har, very funny," He rolled his eyes.

"Ah, right, you're already taken," She sighed, sounding disheartened. "Hah, what a shame. I wouldn't mind going on a date with you."

Is- is she being serious right now? He thought nervously. I can't tell anymore.

"I didn't bring you here just to tease me," He said, rubbing his temples. "So let's just focus on the issue at hand, please?"

"Fine, fine. Stopping now," She said. "Though, to be honest, Ichiban, I can't do much other than stalk you on the date, and I just realized how horrible that sounds out of context."

"Look, I know that," He sighs. "But just… how do I make it not obvious?"

"Hm?" She blinked, taking another spoonful.

"Like, I know myself, I'll look all nervous and stuff, and she might pick up on it and ask me what's wrong," He elaborated. "I don't want that to happen, y'know. I wanna at least show her a good time."

"Heh, I almost forgot how sweet you can be," She chuckled, making him blush a little. "Well, there's nothing special about all of this. Just go through it with the mindset that you're hanging out with a new friend."

"Yeah, but would that work?" He rubs his neck. "I mean, she's going through it with the mindset that it's a date, right? There might be a lot of miscommunication if I did the opposite."

"Hm, that's a good point," Akane nods. "It'd be fine if you knew her beforehand, but this is sorta like a blind date. You don't have any dating experience, do you?"

"No."

"Pfft, virgin," She smirked, making him groan.

"I walked right into that, didn't I?"

"Yes, like a dumbass," She giggled. "Well, regardless, I think your best bet would be taking her to stuff like karaoke or something. Anything your generic highschool girl might enjoy."

"You like karaoke too."

"And I also like beating up people."

"Erm, I dunno…" He leaned back. "I just… have a bad feeling about all of this, alright? Like a part of me doesn't even want to go."

He noticed her pause for a moment, her face morphing into an unreadable expression before she relaxed. "Don't worry, Ichi. I'll be close by in case anything bad happens, but if you really want to, you can just cancel the date."

He thought about it for a moment, before he shook his head. "Nah, if Yuuma is being serious, then it wouldn't be fair for her. The least I can do is go along with the date and make sure she has fun."

"You really are too nice" Akane sighed, making him chuckle nervously. "Well, if that's what you want, then sure. I guess I can help you with it."

"Uh, how?"

"Have you ever planned where you're going?" She asked with a raised brow, making him freeze. "Your face says enough. I suppose the aquarium would be a nice place to visit for a first date."

"Oh, uh…" He cleared his throat nervously, gazing somewhere else. "I uh, don't have any money for tickets."

"What?" She blinked. "Ichi, it's barely two thousand yen for one person. You're telling me you don't even have that much? Are you that broke?"

"Do you know how fucking expensive your shitty cake is?" He glared at her. "That shaved off a chunk of my allowance."

"Your allowance is just 20k?" She crossed her arms with an unimpressed look.

'Just 20k' she says. He grimaced.

"No, fifty grand."

"So where's the rest of the money?"

"I have rent to pay," He argued. "I'm not a rich prick who has twenty houses like someone I know."

"It's a blessing," She said with a self-satisfied smile, utterly shameless. "Fine, I'll handle the money crisis you have."

"Wait- for real?" He blinked in surprise. "I-I mean, you don't have to. I can probably come up with something."

"Don't mention it," She rolls her eyes, slipping him a fat stack of cash. "Had this ready since I had a feeling it would come to this."

"W-woah, hold on, that's way too much!" Ichiban said, eyes wide in shock.

"It's just a hundred thousand," She shrugged. "Also, keep your voice down."

"Just a hundred thousand? That's double my allowance!" He whispered furiously. "A-are you sure this is okay?"

"This doesn't make a difference for this rich prick, Ichi," She smirked. "Try to treat yourself, too. After all, the date is about the two of you, not just her."

"I… I don't know what to say."

"Just try to have fun. If you do, you won't feel as stressed," Akane advised him. "Go to the aquarium, watch a movie, have a nice dinner - all that."

"I guess," Ichiban smiled softly. "Thanks, Akane. I don't know what I'd do without you here. You're the greatest friend I could ever ask for."

"...Are you sure there's nothing you want to confess?" She looked at him sharply.

"Can you please let me have just one moment?" He begged. "Please?"

Akane laughed. "I can't help it. You just make it so easy for me~"

"Yeah, laugh it up."

He hated how adorable her laugh sounded to his ears, and he's really beginning to think that there might be some feelings. He doesn't know how to feel about it - it's probably just hormones, right? That's how they work, right? That's what Masato said, and he's the smartest guy Ichiban knows.

Ugh, why did she have to be like that? She had to go and become more girly, and now he's getting more attracted to her every time they meet. Does she know this? Is this why she's so weirdly flirty with him?

…D-does she… no, that's not possible. There's no way.

…Right?

"By the way, there's something I was curious about for a bit. It's a weird question, though." She suddenly said, shaking him out of his trance.

"W-what is it?"

"Do you know where Hyoudou lives?" She asked him, making him frown in confusion. That is a weird question.

And for some reason, it even made him mildly annoyed. Why does she want to know? Doesn't she hate him or something? Also, what does he have to do with anything anyway?

He couldn't understand this feeling, and couldn't help but feel a little heated when he responded.

"Why?" He frowned, making her blink. "I mean, last I checked, you hated perverts, right?"

"Well, yeah, but like, just thought I'd check up on him, in case there are any hard feelings between us," Akane raised a brow. "You okay?"

"What? Yeah, why wouldn't I be fine?"

She smirked a little, putting her spoon on the table.

"Ichi…" Her smirk only got wider and wider. "Don't tell me you're jealous~?"

"W-what?!" His face reddened. "What the hell- no! I'm not, what brought this one?!"

"I dunno, the moment I mentioned another guy, you looked so bothered." She giggled. "It was so cute~"

"Shut it." He growled, feeling embarrassed. "I'm not jealous, I have a girlfriend now anyway."

"Yeah, one you don't even like, and plan to break off with." She snorted.

"Look, if you gotta know, you can visit his stupid friends in the hospital," Ichiban offered with a scowl, trying to change the subject. "From what I heard, they hung out a lot after school. One of them should know where Issei lives."

"God, you're so cute~"

"What?"

"I said a good idea," Akane smiled, standing up from her seat. "Well, good luck on your date, Ichi. Remember, I'll try to make time and follow you around, but I'm sure you got it all covered."

"I hope so."

"You do, don't worry," She… winked? He couldn't tell. "If you need any advice with girls, give me a call. I like to think that I know them pretty well."

"Sure, thanks," He smiled, then blinked in confusion, still reeling from the mood whiplash. "Wait, I thought we were gonna hang out after this?

"Once I'm done with Hyoudou." She responded, making his face twitch in annoyance. "See ya."

With that, his best friend left the cafe, giving him a tiny wave before she exited. Ichiban watched her disappear into the crowd from the window, inwardly thankful to have come across the girl back in the day. He doesn't think he'd be where he is now without her. She turned one of his darkest times around and made him able to hope again.

All because he bumped into her and spilled her food.

Funny how the world works.



(Motohama)

You might not believe it, but he knew that these perverted antics would one day backfire, though Motohama thought he was prepared for when the day eventually arrives. He's not dumb - perverts have no place in society, they're outcasts hated by everyone, but he's still in highschool damn it.

He planned to stop these things after highschool - college is nowhere near as laid back, and after he turns 20, these antics will have him suffer severe consequences. But right now? He was still young! He can do whatever he wants with barely any ramifications.

Even the school doesn't care that much from the looks of it. The most that had happened was getting detention for the rest of the week when the trio hid inside the girls' changing room. That was it.

In all honesty, Kuoh Academy should've done way worse, but seeing how they don't really care all that much, the three continued on without holding back. Well, Motohama would've continued regardless if they punished him more or not - he's not some closet pervert loser.

He never expected such retaliation by one of his victims, though. He always kept away from the girls who had boyfriends, specifically ones who can and will beat his ass to next week and back, but never once did he think the girl would be the one to do the honors.

Sure, the kendo girls with their wooden sticks can get violent, but they knew when to stop. That crazy bitch? Motohama thought he was gonna die- scratch that, he almost died. He never passed out like this in his life, never had his arm broken and bent that way.

Just thinking about that incident made him shake. What would've happened had she continued? Would she have actually killed him? Broken another limb? From what he had heard, she crushed his bald friend's balls, and that terrified the living crap out of him.

Matsuda was still in a coma for fuck's sake, and the doctor said he won't be able to use his dick anymore. He's completely broken beyond repair.

And to make it all worse, she'll suffer no consequences because one: there's no proof, not even camera footage, and two: she's still not an adult. All she got was a slap on the wrist from the principal.

The whole ordeal made him so scared of women, Motohama didn't even bother ogling the sexy nurses. He never thought a barbaric, insane bitch like her even existed, and he will not risk irking another one.

Thankfully, he's in the hospital, which is 45 minutes away from the main town. Amamiya won't be able to get him here, not like she's gonna bother herself. She'll probably get Issei and feed him concrete instead, seeing that he didn't get that treatment the first time.

The bastard.

A knock on the door was heard, making the boy flinch as he was shaken out of his thoughts. It was probably a doctor or something, so he replied.

"You can come in."

The door slid open, and due to the lack of glasses, Motohama couldn't recognize the figure. A woman from the looks of it, but she's not dressed like a nurse. Who is this? He wasn't expecting visitors, much less a girl. The only woman who he knows personally is his mother.

But when the woman spoke, his blood froze.

"Yo," She greeted him casually. "Been a while, hasn't it?"

No…

No, why is she here?!

"Y-y-you… A-akane-san-"

"I don't remember giving you permission to use my first name," She cut him off coldly. "It's Amamiya-sama to you."

"A-amamiya-sama," He trembled in fear. "W-what a-are you doing h-here?"

"Don't worry, I didn't come here to finish the job. Yet," She chuckled menacingly. "I just want to know one thing."

She took a step closer to him, making him panic a little as he tried to get away from her, leaning back with a terrified look on his face. Seeing the woman who mutilated his friend and almost killed them both triggered his flight or fight response.

The temperature suddenly dropped significantly, enough to make him almost shiver from the cold and not fear. He didn't know what to do, what she's going to do to him. Why is she here? What more could she want from him?

He couldn't see her face clearly, even though she was extremely and uncomfortably close to him, but even he could see the cold and sadistic smirk plastered on her face as if she's enjoying this very much.

"If you answer truthfully," She whispered in his ear, and suddenly, a tiny but sharp and ice-cold object pressed against his throat. "I won't have to get messy. Neither of us wants that to happen, do we?"

He nodded slowly, afraid that she was gonna slit his throat right there.

This woman wasn't barbaric, she's a fucking psychopath! She's literally threatening to take his life by slitting his throat. How did she even get in with that? How the hell did she hide it from the metal detectors?!

"Very good," She giggled, and her sweet breath felt freezing. "Now be a good boy and tell me where Hyoudou lives."

He quivered as she said that, but not out of fear, not fully. Out of something else he refused to acknowledge, so he ignored it.

God, I'm so sorry, Issei! He grimaced, tears of fear forming in the corner of his eyes. But I don't want to die!

"S-s-south. East of Ikinari Steak, the modern-style house with the red roof!" He answered, on the verge of crying. "Please don't hurt me."

"I-" She suddenly stopped, taking a step back as she got the knife away from his throat. "Hm, I see.

"Didn't think this would be so easy, but I suppose I shouldn't expect anything from a pitiful pig like you," She smirked mockingly, making him turn his head away in shame. "Fucking pussy."

He shuddered, an indescribable feeling going through him as she mocked him.

"Didn't even hesitate. So much for being friends, eh? Pathetic. I oughta kill you for your cowardice," She chuckled coldly. "But I'm a woman of my word."

She stepped back further, and Motohama could feel her icy glare. "You try to pull that perverted shit anywhere, I'll make sure the only visits you'll ever get are for your funeral. Understand?"

He nodded slowly.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," She replied, insulting him one more time before leaving the room. "Worthless bitch."

He let out a huge exhale of relief as she left, gently touching his throat, exactly where the knife was. He was shaking uncontrollably, heart pounding in his chest. He realized she was violent, but he didn't expect this. I-is she some sort of a serial killer?

Did he and his other perverts actually piss off some psychopath, and now she wants to kill Issei? Obviously, she couldn't kill him or Matsuda, it's not easy to kill someone in a hospital, but Issei is still in Kuoh. He's in grave danger.

But the way she insulted him…

It brought forth emotions he never knew existed. He was never into it - all he likes are the tiny, adorable lolis he sees in parks. Not that.

He looked down and grimaced as he spotted his erection. So can someone explain to him why he's so fucking hard right now?

God, I'm so fucked up.

(Akane)

-70 Reputation with Satou Motohama [-100/100]

100 Obedience with Satou Motohama [100/100]

Trait gained

[Enemy of Perverts] - Trait

You've made yourself known as the number 1 enemy of all perverted individuals. They distrust and dislike you, instinctively being wary of you.

Reputation gain with all perverts is reduced by 25% until you have 50 Reputation with them.

Perk gained

[Dominator of Perverts] - Perk

You're known for your ability to subdue perverts with ease, mostly through showing your superiority and power. After all, there are strange people out there who love being stepped on.

Obedience gain with perverts is increased by 25%, and they're more likely to act submissive around you

Threatening the glasses guy, Matsuda- Er, Motohama, was a lot easier than I thought. I don't think I needed to use the little ice knife to make him spill everything. He's a spineless coward, after all.

I guess I understand why Issei is the protagonist and not him or the bald bastard. They wouldn't have survived against Riser. Not like Issei did much better, of course, the guy had to cheat to stand a chance. And from what I know of canon, the universe loves to bend over for him anyway. Often literally.

I was cautious enough - the yakuza were tailing me, but they didn't get very close, and I positioned myself well enough to hide the knife away from the camera in the room. I made a tiny one, as small as my pinky, but sharp enough to slice someone's throat.

Which reminds me; he looked oddly red for someone getting threatened. What's up with him? Eh, whatever, not my problem.

It was risky, but I thought the idiot was gonna at least try to put up a fight. Apparently not, and now I know where Issei is unless he lied, and I doubt that. If he was this ready to save himself over someone else, then I don't think he's dumb enough to lie.

Because I will kill him if he did.

I frown at the messages from the system. So I can get a trait for getting a full minus score with someone? Damn, I didn't know. At least it's not anything severe, I can handle the little handicap. I mean, the perk does negate it a bit.

Speaking of Reputation and whatnot…

5 Reputation with Ichiban Kasuga [95/100]

Just a bit and it'll max out. I was doing my best through flirting and teasing, but it's not as effective anymore. He's starting to get used to it.

But if I save him from Raynare, then I should be able to get his REP to 100. I remember the Game saying that it'll unlock Affection, which is the next stage. Shouldn't be too hard, after all, I don't feel repulsed by him as I do with certain individuals.

I made a slip-up and forgot that it's the weekend when I expected to see Issei at school yesterday, but thankfully, it shouldn't be too hard to rectify that. I just need to know what Issei's doing and check up on him to see if the Fallen got to him.

If they're planning to strike Ichiban now, then it's safe to assume that they'll get Issei too. As soon as I make sure the idiot is safe, I can rest a little bit. Too bad I don't exactly know where he is but asking his parents will tell me enough.

Ichi had a good idea, so I visited the four eyes idiot, did what I had to, took a cab back to the main town, and now I'm right in front of the Hyoudou household, waiting for someone to answer the door.

I really hope he's there. The last thing I want is the fallen getting their grubby hands on him.

The door finally creaks open, the head of a middle-aged woman peeking out, blinking as she spots me.

"Yes?"

"Hi, Hyoudou-san?" I smile politely, prompting her to smile back. "Is your son inside? I'm a classmate of his, and I'd like to talk to him about something."

"Did he peep on you or did anything perverse?" She sighs deeply. "I'm very sorry for my son's inappropriate behavior. I've really tried beating it out of him-"

"Oh, no, not that. We got over that already," I stop her from babbling about how shit her son is. "I just wanna talk to him over something related to a quiz."

"Oh," She blinks. "Well, I'm afraid you just missed him around ten minutes ago."

I freeze for a second.

…Oh no.

"Do you know where he could be?" I ask, keeping my composure.

"I'm sorry, but I don't," She shakes her head. "I found it odd how excited he looked, though. Haven't seen him like that in months."

Realization hits me harder than a bag of bricks as she utters those words. Don't tell me they plan to take him out today?

Fuck.

"Damn it!" I curse with a scowl on my face, surprising the older woman.

Without even elaborating, I dash to the streets, grimacing as I try to sense any kind of magical activity. The sun is already setting, so if he's on a date, then the fallen should strike soon, and I wasn't prepared one bit.

I don't even care if I'm being overly paranoid or not, that he's not actually in danger. If Rias gets to him first and it turns out that Issei has the Boosted Gear, I'd be losing a very, very valuable asset. I will not risk the chance of losing one of the most overpowered weapons to that useless whore.

I need to get that idiot out of there before he gets killed.



(Kalawarner)

Why did she have to be stuck with this idiot?

Well, yes, she knew what her mission was, but why with him specifically? Couldn't she and Raynare switch? Her bitch leader knew that Kalawarner's type was the delinquent-looking ones, not this boring-ass moron.

Honestly, when she first made contact with this Issei, she thought he'd at least show her a good time around town, but nope. He was the most generic highschool boy out of all the other highschool boys, the worst type in her opinion.

When she heard about his perverted nature, she honestly felt a little excited. She likes kinky guys, might've even dragged him to a love hotel and gave him a 'reward' before killing him if he impressed her, but nope.

Turns out he's a pervert in the most basic sense. She expected groping and touching in public at the very least, and she would've let him have his way with her, but all she got were peeping and taking pictures of fucking panties of all things. She's never been drier in her life before.

And it's beginning to genuinely piss her off.

Of course, Raynare had to take the cute one. Her reasons were sound - since this Ichiban boy had the Longinus, the strongest will have to go with him, but it doesn't mean Kala won't get indignant about it.

Mittelt should've gone with him instead. She'd rather be back in their base.

At the very least, this slog of a date is ending, and right now all she needs to do is to lure him to a quiet and empty place to get rid of him. A simple promise of a 'reward' was enough to make him follow her like a lost puppy.

Kalawarner gave Issei a sultry smile, gesturing for him to get closer as she led him to a quiet alley. "You've been a very wonderful date, Issei-kun. I haven't had fun like this in a long time."

"Ehe, well, I'm glad you had fun. I had a great time too," He said earnestly, almost making her roll her eyes.

"I'm glad," She whispered in his ears. "But I'm sure I can make it even better for you."

She pulled him close, feeling him shiver as she rubbed his crotch. Slowly, another hand snaked around his neck, a dagger of light forming in it. She tried to sense anything nearby, and feeling nothing, her curiosity got the better of her and she pulled his pants a bit to see what's in there.

Only for her to regret it. Could've at least had some fun, but nope. Not even worth it.

And here she thought this day couldn't get any more disappointing.

Ah well. She sighed internally. You can't win every day, Kala. Just get it over with.

...Is what she thought before a spear of ice grazed Issei's cheeks as it soared towards her. Kala managed to evade the attack at the last minute, unleashing her wings flying back. Issei fell on his ass, grunting in pain before widening his eyes at Kalawarner's true appearance.

"K-Kara-chan?" Issei blinked, pupils shrinking. "W-what the hell is this?"

She glanced at the shattered ice spear and growled, ignoring him as her heart pounded wildly. She's been caught, by whom? Was she being followed? Did they just spot her? Did the light spell alert someone nearby? She expected an agent or two, but when she spotted the attacker…

She didn't expect one of the Yakuza Princesses to be there, arm extended with a scowl on her face.

You've got to be kidding me. Kalawarner grimaced. Why her?!

"Get away from him," The girl said coldly, getting closer.

Issei turned around, seeing the girl with a shocked expression. "A-Akane-san?! What are you doing here? What's going on?"

Kalawarner rushed at the defenseless human, wanting to at least use him as a hostage, but sharp agony made itself known in her shoulder, prompting her to cry out in pain before backing off. She glanced at the small circle-shaped hole in her shoulder, blood pouring out of the wound.

"W-what the hell?!" Issei backed away, looking between them. "What's- what's happening?!"

"Get out of here!" The girl shouted at him. "What are you waiting for?! Move it!"

"B-but-"

Kala flew back and threw a spear of light at Issei, causing the Yakuza Princess to rush forward towards him, forming a wall of ice that blocked the attack. With an annoyed click of her tongue, Kalawarner took the chance to escape.

Only for a spear to lodge itself into her leg, prompting her to fall down as the cold pain forced her to lose her balance.

She groaned and grunted, looking back to see the ice-cold look of rage on the girl's face. It made her shiver in terror, recognizing the sadistic glee in that eye of hers, one that Raynare would show when torturing someone.

"Oi, Akane, what's going on?! W-why are you hurting Karla-chan?!" Issei suddenly said, grabbing the girl by the arm.

"What are you- Why are you still here?!" She scowled and pulled her arm away, making him flinch. "This is too dangerous for you, go!"

"B-but I-"

"I'll explain everything later, just go," She said, a little calmer. "Now leave-"

A click was heard in the distance, followed by a deafening bang. Akane acted quickly and formed another ice wall in front of her and Issei, and this time, Kala did everything in her power to fly away from the battlefield.

A glance back showed her the Saio Triad member, Ed, Who had joined them for revenge against Amamiya, emerging from another alley with a gun in his hand, taking the attention of the two away from the fallen.

Took his fucking time.

Fat Bastard.


(Akane)

I hate this moron so fucking much.

Can't even follow simple commands. What part of "Run" is so hard to understand?

"Wha- h- he has a gun!" Issei states intelligently, pointing at the fat baldy.

"That's why I'm telling you to run you dipshit!" I scream at him, my temper getting the better of me. "For fuck's sake, can't you do anything right in your life for once?!"

10 Obedience with Issei Hyoudou [35/100]

"O-okay, but I'll get help, I promise!" He says.

"Just fuck off!"

He flinches and finally runs away, making me growl in frustration at the fat baldy. I don't know where he came from or who he is, but that doesn't matter. I'm killing this fucker for getting in my way.

Now the fallen might be expecting me and will get prepared.

"Great job, Issei. You just had to fucking interrupt me, didn't you?" I growl. "Braindead moron."

I seriously hate playing the hero.

Name: Ed

Title: Officer of the Saio Triad

HP – 120,000

MP – 500

SP – 100,000

Race – Artificially Enhanced Human

LVL - 132

STR - 951

END - 1125

DEX - 223

INT - 124

WIS - 95

CHA - 450

LUK - 50

Thoughts about you – Hates your father with every fiber of his being, therefore wants to kill you

Reputation - -100

Affection - -100

Obedience - -100

Loyalty - -100

For fuck's sake, dad. What did you do?

Alright, this idiot is a lot tougher than the fallen I almost killed, but he's a lot slower and barely has any magic. If I get that gun out of his hand, I should be able to bombard him with spells until he falls.

You know, I wouldn't mind if the Yakuza jumped out and helped right now. What the hell are they doing?

"I've waited for this moment for so damn long." He grins madly. "Your father took away everything from us-."

"Cool story bro." I interrupt him and clench my fists, preparing ice spells. "But I don't care."

He scowls and pulls the trigger, prompting me to sidestep and dash towards him. As soon as I get the gun away from him, I can back off and focus on range. Guns shouldn't kill me immediately, but I'm still squishy enough to get severely wounded by them.

Thankfully, I'm fast enough to casually dodge them, so easily in fact that I'm able to actually see the bullets mid-air. I always forget how supernaturally powerful I really am even at this stage, but this serves as a reminder. It's better to be safe rather than sorry, though. I'll have a severe advantage if he doesn't have a ranged option.

He flinches as I get in front of him in mere seconds, palm in front of his face as I release a spear. He barely manages to dodge it, but I take the chance of him panicking and knock the gun out of his hand.

But before I'm able to back off, he takes out a karambit and slashes my cheek with it, making my eyes widen. I stomp on the ground and freeze his legs, trying to get away from him, but he grabs me by the collar, not caring about the ice encasing his leg, and tries to strike me with the knife again.

The buckler I create to protect myself shatters on impact, but slows down his momentum and gives me a window to counter. Seeing how close I am to him, I take out the golden Baseball bat from my inventory and slam his head with it as hard as I can.

Cash suddenly bursts forth, disorientating him for a few seconds, and I take that chance to summon my wings, flying away from his grip before unleashing a barrage of Ice Spells. They barely do any damage, and as soon as he breaks the ice holding him down, the guy jumps high towards me.

I wasn't fast enough to evade and he body slams into me, crashing into a car on the other side of the road. I choke, the wind knocked out of me as he grabs me by the leg and slams me into the ground, over and over. Thankfully, the wings take most of the damage before shattering, but it still hurts like fuck.

I scowl deeply and freeze his hand that was gripping my leg, before twirling around and kicking his head, making him step back a few times. I blink as I notice something odd about him, grabbing my golden bat before slugging his face with it again.

When I attacked using magic, I barely did any damage, but with the bat…

He's down by more than 10k only in two hits to the head, when a whole row of ice spells barely did 5k. Is he resistant to magic?

I duck under a swing and step back, making him growl in anger. "You bitch!"

So I should use my magic sparingly. If it's not effective as a pure offense, then maybe I should use it defensively, or in a way that would slow him down.

I glance at my HP and frown. I'm low, a few hits I perfectly defend against and I'm at 500. A single, direct hit will end me instantly.

Thank you for the ice wings spell, Game.

I tighten my grip over the bat, feeling my heart pounding in my chest. I recast ice skin, focusing on evolving the spell as fast as I can while keeping an eye on the fatass. I can feel the spell improving immensely by the second, and a new notification from the system makes me smile.

[Cryomancy: Ice Flesh] - Skill

The standard defensive spell for Cryomancer. Imbue your soft flesh with magic, hardening it in an instant and increasing your defense by quite a bit.

Protects 750 HP worth of damage before shattering. Takes half as much damage from Ice but double damage from Fire

Costs 200 MP for each body part

I tighten my grip over the bat as he rushes forward, but then a bolt of lightning hits him in the side, interrupting his attack. I turn to the side and see Akeno standing there with an easy smile, alongside Rias and her peerage.

Really? Just as I make a new spell, someone decides to show up?

And it had to be the devils.

"That's enough, whoever you are," Rias commands. "I don't know who you think you are, but I suggest you come with us quietly, or we'll force you to comply."

"Devil bastards…" Ed growls in annoyance as he sees all of them, giving me one hateful glare. "This isn't over, Amamiya."

With that, he quickly throws something on the ground, and an explosion of smoke engulfs all of us. The cloud was big enough to cloak the whole street, and as soon as I breathed into it, I flinched violently, feeling my mana suddenly going haywire.

I could barely think well due to that, feeling nauseous until the smoke cleared. As it did, there was no sign of the fatass anywhere, making me scowl slightly. The hell was that? It fucked with my magic for some reason.

"Wh-what in Lucifer's name was that?!" Rias questioned in surprise, then shook her head. "Is everyone alright?"

Her peerage all nodded while shaking off the nausea, making her sigh in relief.

"I believe that was some Anti-magic device, but how did he get his hands on it?" Akeno muttered.

Anti-magic? Does such a thing exist?

"Whatever it was, it shouldn't be able to mask his presence," Rias said.

"He has low magic," I clarify. "You'd barely feel it even if you got close to him."

Rias seemed surprised at my response. "I see, so you're aware of everything, then. Do you know what we are?"

"Devils," I nod. "You're not as subtle as you think you are, Gremory."

"A-ahem, well, this is good, at least I won't have to explain what you just saw," She says, ignoring my quip as Akeno giggles. "Please, meet me in the old school building. We must discuss what happened today."

"...sure."

This was gonna happen sooner or later anyway, I'm not that bothered. I'm just glad that I got out of this alive.

I didn't bet on killing Ed, to be honest, even if I really wanted to. I wanted to wait until someone I know came to help. I predicted my uncle - I made sure to not hide my spell's magic - but I didn't think Rias would make her entrance any time soon. I thought the Yakuza scared her off or something,

Speaking of, what the fuck are the Yakuza doing? I almost got killed and they just watched everything without lifting a finger to help?!

I scoff to myself. Clearly, I was right. I can't rely on these dipshits to do anything.

So much for being bodyguards.



(Akiyama)

As he watched the whole scene unfold on the giant screen, he frowned deeply. He didn't want to be stuck here just watching with his hands tied - he really, really wanted to support his niece against that Saio Triad officer. He had no idea where he came from or what he's doing here. That organization was destroyed over a decade ago, but after getting filled in…

Well, he's really glad that he convinced Mizuki to stop babying her daughter too much. Of course, some people will try to take revenge on Tatsu, even if he's dead. Hurting his family is the one thing that will absolutely, 100% piss him off, and Tatsu isn't merciful like Kiryu is.

He will rip you apart with his bare hands and make you suffer, but seeing that he's currently six feet under, he's not able to do such a thing. Mizuki can handle herself, the Tojo Clan will do everything in its power to protect Akane, but is this something they can truly rely on forever?

The world is dangerous. Getting overly dependent on one thing is a sure way of dying a slow and painful death. The Tojo Clan and the Omi Alliance will not be here forever. Tatsu's contribution will not be forever remembered, and what then?

Tatsu pissed off a lot of people before his death, yakuza and supernatural races alike. He butted heads with the Church, Fallen Angels, and Devils. He made a lot of enemies, and even though most of them aren't stupid enough to poke the Tojo, there are the odd ones out who will do everything to hurt him.

And here was one example.

This is why he tried to convince Mizuki to get her daughter to train - why he plans to convince Mizuki to break the seal on her own powers, risks be damned. The world is changing, it's becoming more and more dangerous with every passing day, and if they're stuck like this, there's no chance they'll survive.

His gut told him that there's something brewing in the background, something big. Maybe it was just his paranoia talking, but his long years of working with the supernatural had taught him to trust his paranoia more often than not.

But even then, unlike the grinning Mad Dog next to him, Akiyama knows what moderation is. Akane, regardless of her growth, is still a beginner. She's not ready to face assassins or supernatural creatures just yet. For fuck's sake, she just started actual training just a few days ago.

For sure, the girl handled herself very well against a veteran, unleashing a highly-skilled spell that even Mizuki never learned like that wing spell. Not to mention the strange spatial magic with how she summoned that golden baseball bat.

But she's not ready. She's young, she's impulsive and naive, nowhere near powerful enough to fight off actual assassins.

When the battle started, Akiyama tried to rush in to save his niece, but he's not exactly strong enough to fight off the Mad Dog and his entire family. Not to mention, this little underground surveillance room isn't really an optimal place to fight in, especially not with his skillset.

Though it's not like he had a chance anyway.

Majima merely told him to "Shut the fuck up and watch."

"As much as I understand your point of view, I can't agree with it, Majima-san," Akiyama said. "She's not ready yet."

"And she'll never be ready if ya keep this shit up," He argued. "Shit's hitting the fan soon, Akiyama. Can't afford ta take it slow with Akane-chan anymore."

"So you gamble on her life?" Akiyama narrowed his eyes. "Risk to see if she's worthy or not? Is that how you do things?"

Majima remained silent.

"She's not part of your Family, Majima," Akane's uncle frowned deeply. "Don't treat her like she is."

"She ain't, cuz I know that she's worthy," Majima responded with a grin. "Ya just ain't seein' it."

"What?"

"What did ya see when ya watched the fight?" The Mad Dog asked suddenly.

"I…" Akiyama blinked, confused. "I'm not sure what you're trying to say."

"Look at this," He said, pointing at the screen as it zoomed into her face. "Whaddya see?"

Akiyama couldn't understand, but responded as best he could. "I see her scared out of her mind as she tries to fight for her life."

"That's why ya'd make for a lousy yakuza," Majima laughed. "Y'know what I see? I see Tatsu-chan."

The CEO of Sky Finance stopped, beginning to understand what the Majima Family Patriarch was trying to tell him.

"She's scared shitless, that's true, but her eyes are mighty fierce, more so than her pops," He said. "That's a look I've only seen on four people, Akiyama, and all of em' achieved great things."

"What's that even have to do with anything?" He tried to argue, feeling a little frustrated.

"I'm sayin' pampering her ain't it," Majima explained. "She's got an unbreakable spirit, but it ain't tough enough. It gotta be unbending too, a will of steel, and the only way ta achieve that is ta pressure her."

"So what, you'll let her deal with whatever happens in Kuoh as you just watch from the sidelines?" Akiyama questioned, cooling down a little.

"If shit gets too bad, I'll get involved," He shrugged. "I ain't unfair. I get that there are things she can't handle yet, but this? I expect her ta deal with it with her eyes closed."

"Is this one of Daigo's games?"

"Hehe, naw, this is all me," Majima chuckled. "Man, Mizuki-chan is gonna be pissed, ain't she?"

Akiyama turned to look at the screen again, the camera switching to the one near the abandoned church. He grimaced as he saw the wounded fallen get inside, likely alerting everything.

Apparently, Majima and the family knew already but decided to remain ignorant and passive so the Fallen could get bold with their plans. It's all part of the Mad Dog's 'training regimen' he prepared for his niece seemingly.

So then she'll have to deal with everything on her own here? This whole strange fiasco with Fallen Angels trying to for some reason kill random Sacred Gear users? What the hell is Azazel doing right now?

Regardless, Akiyama is not looking forward to the ass-kicking he'll be receiving once Mizuki hears about this.

Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, TheAmnisiac and 312 others
Mirlnir
Jan 10, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 12: Heiresses
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 30, 2022
Add bookmark
#245
(Rias)

Frankly, she had not expected that this would be how their first meeting would go. Here she was in the clubroom, trying to find a way to approach one of the heiresses without accidentally stepping on her toes, in a way that wouldn't make her look like she had an agenda.

Because she isn't! Rias doesn't only want to get on good terms with the girls because it's beneficial to her, but because she genuinely wants to know more about them. One of them is the foster daughter of a previous chairman, and the other has the blood of a yuki-onna, one of the rarest Yokai to ever exist. She'd love to learn what kind of lives they led up to this point.

Yes, she has the files on her, but those aren't detailed enough, and it's a lot better to hear it from her. Besides, there's a huge chance that the Yakuza fabricated a lot of the information on those.

So after drawing a blank, Rias decided to cut her losses for the day and go home, perhaps she'll think of a better plan tomorrow morning. Until she sensed a sudden spike of magic in the distance. At first, Akeno advised her to stay and wait it out, thinking that the Yakuza would handle it.

But then it became clear that whoever was using magic wanted to be sensed. They did not put a lid on the spells at all, making it obvious to sense by even the inexperienced bunch. This was some kind of a call for help, it had to be.

And in technicality, Kuoh temporarily belongs to the devils until they finish their education, so it was her responsibility to find out what was going on. The Yakuza don't have any reason to stop them considering the contract, so she took her whole peerage - minus one - and headed towards the dark streets.

Well, she doesn't quite know what 'dark' is, devils can see in the dark after all. She just assumed it was, as none of the lights were on for some reason. Perhaps the Fallen's doing to make it easier to escape.

And when they arrived, lo and behold, one of the heiresses was fighting for her life against an unknown assailant. Rias had a lot of questions when she saw the scene for the first time. Like, a lot.

Why is Amamiya fighting this mysterious assailant, and why is she using magic proficiently? Where are the Yakuza? What kind of enemy is that and why is he after the girl? Why does he have anti-magic technology, something exclusive to the Tojo Clan and Omi Alliance?

After they drove him off, unfortunately being unable to catch him, Rias invited the girl over for a quick debrief of what happened and called Sona over, now that the curtains are lifted. None of them need to hide who they are, and frankly, Rias prefers that.

And look at this, Akane already knows what they are, so they can cut to the chase.

Once they've made their way to the clubroom, Rias made sure to show the girl hospitality worthy of a duchess. Human or not, this is one of the most important figures in the supernatural world right now, especially with the Yakuza's rapid rise to power with their advanced technology.

Akane showed a neutral face, clearly cautious but not worried. As her Queen put a tray in front of the three heiresses, she bowed and gave the human girl a polite smile. Akane merely glanced at her silently before turning her gaze back to Rias.

She's anxious but not as anxious as Rias expected. More on guard rather than worried.

"I didn't expect our first meeting to be like this," Rias started, trying to ease the tension. "But I suppose anything can happen."

Sona grimaced as Akane stared at her silently for a few, painful seconds, then responded.

"You're not good at small talk, are you?"

Rias blushed in embarrassment at the blunt reply but managed to keep her cool. "I think this is a perfectly valid way of breaking the ice.."

"Let's just skip it and ask what you want to ask," The human girl sighed. "Don't make it painful for both of us."

Sona smiled a little and Akeno giggled in the background as Rias cleared her throat.

"Well, if you say so." She nodded. "What were you doing so late at night? How did you attract the attention of that man? And who is he?"

"Nothing much," Akane responded. "I was taking a walk before the guy jumped me. I don't know who he is or what I did to piss him off, but I had to defend myself."

"You were at the edge of town, taking a walk?" Sona raised a brow. "What brought you so far away from the center, where everything is?"

"As I said, I took a walk," Akane frowned. "Why would I try to seek out people who could hurt me? If I wanted to beat up somebody, I'd drag one of the idiots who think they're hot shit into an alley and kick their asses."

"That's, uh, oddly specific? But anyway, we only want to know why you were so far away. These parts of the city are dangerous." Rias pressed.

"To regular people, yeah," She crossed her arms, frown deepening a little. "I can handle myself."

"But-"

"This line of questioning isn't gonna help your case, Gremory," Akane cut her off harshly. "Drop it before you say something you regret."

Rias flinched at the hostility, not expecting such a response before she decided to forget it. Perhaps the girl was just nervous, it isn't wise to let something like this get to her head.

"Alright, very well," Sona dropped it for her. "Let's change the subject. Amamiya-san, I have a request."

Akane raised a brow, prompting her to continue.

"I'd like it if we are able to assist you in case such a thing happens again," Sona said. "Kuoh, while ultimately belonging to the Tojo Clan, is our grounds as well. It'd be irresponsible of us if we let anyone get hurt in it."

"Well, I'm not gonna refuse help," Akane shrugged. "Appreciated."

Success!

"But we'd like the same from you as well," The Gremory heiress pressed.

Sona stilled as she frantically glanced at her friend, but Rias knew what she was doing. The best way to get close to her is to fight by each other's side, right? Even two people hating each other can get over it if they fought together a few times.

"Since Kuoh technically belongs to all of us, I think we should all do our parts to protect it," Rias suggested. "And what better way than working together as a team?"

"Rias…" Sona warned quietly. "Don't push your luck."

"A team?" Akane parroted.

"Yes. All three of us are important to our respective factions," Rias nodded, ignoring her friend's warning. "Meaning assassins from all over the realms might come after us. Wouldn't it be logical to defend each other? Three are better than one after all."

The girl only stared at her, looking seemingly bewildered for a few seconds before uttering in confusion. "Uh, I-I'm sorry?"

"Eh?" Rias blinked in confusion.

"Please don't mind her," Sona quickly interjected. "She can be quite naive sometimes. Just ignore her."

"Sona?!"

"Right, I can see that," Akane responded, looking more annoyed, which only left the heiress puzzled. "Look, I get your offer, and I appreciate it, but I'd also appreciate it more if you kept your distance. That's all I'm asking."

"We understand and respect that." Sona nodded, giving Rias a scary glare as she tried to open her mouth to speak up again, quickly shutting her down. "We will not bother you in any way concerning the matter, but keep in mind that we will help as soon as you give us a call."

"Cool, so can I go now?" Akane said, standing up. "I promised someone I'd meet up with them soon."

"Of course," Sona nodded. "Would you like an escort?"

"No thanks. I know the way out."

"Very well. Always a pleasure to talk to you, Amamiya-san."

The human girl waved and gave Sona a tiny smile, the door closing behind her as she left the clubroom. As a few seconds passed, the Sitri heiress took off her glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose as she leaned back.

Rias was confused at her friend's sudden change in character, and couldn't help but ask loudly. The redhead clearly had it. If Sona hadn't interrupted, then they could've gotten closer to her.

"You know, it's not like you to start brown-nosing," Rias spoke, a little more aggressive than she intended.

"Brown-nosing?" Sona uttered, then scowled. "For the love of Lucifer, Rias, you were this close to destroying any bridges we built with her!"

"Eh?"

"When will you realize that she is not our friend, she is not a random human we can converse with like this? She's one of the most important human figures in the Yakuza," Sona explained, looking frustrated. "She does not trust us, Rias, and we're on her turf. Anything you say can be used against you, and you decide to demand assistance from her?!"

"W-wha- I didn't demand anything!" Rias frowned deeply. "I've only suggested that we work together-"

"Context, Rias!" Sona cut her off with an uncharacteristic yell, making her flinch. "The context! Take a moment to consider where we are, who we are to her, and what the Devils did to her family!"

"Y-you're just being unreasonable," Rias scoffed. "Everyone knows that the Old Satans are at fault!"

"And you think she cares? For all she knows, all devils are the same. Being reasonable or not isn't the main concern, it's how we handle someone who we know has severe anger issues," Sona argued. "Talking to her is like walking around a minefield, and you decided to take a damned marathon. What the hell were you thinking?!"

"So what are we supposed to do?!" The redhead challenged. "Spend the whole time walking on eggshells, trying to appease her?!"

"What we're supposed to do is make sure she doesn't have a reason to distrust us, then try to be 'friends' with her," Sona deflected easily, making Rias flinch. "From her point of view, you might as well have demanded that she risk her own life for you in her own home."

Rias flinched as she realized what Sona was trying to get at, her scowl dropping as she tried to come up with an excuse. Was she really in the wrong? She just asked for assistance to try and get close to her that way, she didn't mean to push her way.

"But that's not what I-..." Rias faltered. "I-I just thought that…"

"Just do what she says and keep your distance," Sona sighed tiredly. "Your peerage too. Give her some time to adjust to Devils being in her school."

Rias frowned sadly and guiltily looked down, unable to form words of apology. She really screwed this up, didn't she? Not knowing what to say, the redhead decided to change the subject for now.

"W-what about the man who attacked her?" Rias questioned, calming herself down. "Do you reckon we should try to find them? They couldn't have gone far."

"Yes, as long as we don't send anyone to observe Akane, we can tighten security by using our peerages," Sona nodded, putting her glasses on once again. "I'll send a few to the spot where she was attacked. We're clearly missing something if the Yakuza never went to Akane's aid."

"Alright, I'll have Koneko accompany them," Rias said. "Let's hope we're able to intercept them. Knowing they have Anti-magic is concerning."

Sona nodded at her Queen, giving a silent order to tell the rest as Rias did the same with Akeno. The two Queens bowed respectfully and left the room, prompting Sona to stand up from her seat.

"I-I'm sorry," Rias muttered, stopping her best friend. "I-I guess I didn't really realize how different this is, compared to being regarded so highly in the underworld."

It was different; Rias is a Gremory, a ducal clan and one of the highest rankings in the underworld, so as an heiress, she has a lot of authority. It had never truly sunk in that such a title isn't much respected where she is right now, and in fact, might work against her.

It's a well-known fact what the Old Satans did to the Yakuza years ago, after conspiring with other parties to take out certain figures in the Tojo Clan and Omi Alliance. The incident ruined the New Satans' relationship with the human factions, making them incredibly hostile for three years straight.

Any devil that would set foot on the human world would get vaporized, and that's a best-case scenario. Earth itself became uninhabitable for devils because of it, and her brother did not want a war with the humans, because even if they won, they'd be too weak to handle the Fallen and Seraphim.

Thankfully, after some time, Daigo himself offered a truce, which they took. Most of the time since has been spent to mend their relationship after that incident, which then led to them acquiring Kuoh temporarily. Not everyone was happy about this, but it was something.

It was naive of her to think that everything was fine now that she reflects on it, but she didn't expect this much hostility and distrust from Akane. From what she knew, Sona was able to easily converse with her earlier, and she showed no signs of those feelings at all.

Sona's expression softened, seemingly unable to stay angry at Rias when she saw how genuinely remorseful she looked. Well, hopefully. She didn't look angry anymore, so it's safe to assume that she's fine now?

"That's alright, Rias. We all make mistakes." Sona said, showing a side that only Rias and her sister knew about. "Just keep in mind that we're indebted to the Yakuza, therefore to Akane, someone who very clearly distrusts us greatly. Anything you think is fine to say might come off as pretentious or arrogant."

"Does she even have the authority to kick us out?" Rias questioned genuinely. "From what I know, she has never been truly involved with the Tojo Clan personally."

"She can. The moment she feels unsafe or in danger around us, she can tell the chairman that she suspects treachery, which will not only end the deal but possibly worsen the relationship between the factions. We don't need any more animosity with her." Sona nodded, standing up. "I'll be going along with some of the girls to scout the area and make sure Kuoh is protected in case of another attack."

"Alright, good luck."

With that, Sona left the clubroom, leaving Rias on her own. The redhead sighed and brought her hands up to cover her face, finally getting her much-needed wake-up call. She shouldn't be too hasty, or close calls like this will keep happening, and she doesn't need stress for that right now with the upcoming wedding already making her feel terrible.

Damned devils and their stupid traditions.



(Akane)

I'm not gonna pretend to know a lot about politics. Frankly, I'm just lost when they start talking that stupid language, but I do know how people function, and from the looks of it, Devils are very similar to humans in that regard.

Every time I talk to somebody, I automatically hyperfocus on their body movement and tone. Some are easily able to hide it even from me, like my uncle or mother, for the most part, others… not so much. And I gotta say, I expected better from Sona.

I was admittedly a tiny bit nervous in the clubroom, even when knowing that I practically have them at gunpoint, but I underestimated just by how much. Rias didn't seem to be aware of the fact, which, believe it or not, helped her in this case.

But when Sona twitched, her pupils dilated, and unconsciously clenched her fists, she revealed how nervous she seemed to be when her redhead bimbo friend made that offer, and she told me just how much power I have over the devils here.

Some might question why I acted the way I did instead of trying to get close to them and accepting the offer with a smile on my face, and that's for two reasons. One: When I eventually help Rias with Riser, it'll have more of an 'oomph' to it. The person who dislikes and distrusts her lending a hand out of the purity of her heart sounds like it has much more of an impact than 'friend helping her friend because friendship'.

Two: To remind them of who I fucking am, and how much they technically owe me.

From other points of view, this might sound a little childish or even detrimental, but goddamn it felt so damn good to see them squirm. I don't particularly have anything against Sona, but seeing Rias being talked over like a child almost made me burst out in laughter.

As I said, I'm not good at politics, not yet at least, though, I sure as hell know that keeping people like them at arm's length is common sense. Getting chummy is nice and all, but we're still in different worlds. If things get worse, then we might become enemies on the battlefield.

And I don't know about you, but I already have enough leftover feelings on my plate. I don't want to somehow develop any kind of attachment to them, because clearly, the system can't follow its own damned rules. 'oH yoU CaN'T FoRM AnY EmOTIonaL AttAcHmeNTs' fuck outta here.

Lying fuck.

I glance back at the school gate as a cloud of smoke leaves my mouth, noticing how dark it is around here. Actually, most of Kuoh is really damn dark except the center of it. The lights are working but there are barely any of them around.

Maybe they should work on that. I don't want to deal with idiot muggers every time I decide to take a walk at night.

Or assassins, or supernatural creatures.

Or both.

As I flick off the cig, I stop to pull out another one. Lighting it up knowing full well that they don't harm me anymore. Gamer's Body prevents these things - I can probably snort cocaine and be fine afterward. Not sure if Mind stops the high though.

I'm not testing. I don't trust drugs. Smoking is enough for me.

I flinch with a yelp and let go of the cigarette as I feel two arms wrapping around me then ready an ice spell to gut whoever it is, right until she speaks, making me sigh in relief and dispel the arrow. That scared the fuck out of me - what the hell is she doing right now?

"I was looking for you everywhere- I-I thought you got hurt!" My mother says, hugging me tightly. "What happened? Where were you? Did the devils do something to you?"

"I'm fine," I respond.

"You're not hurt, are you?" She asks, looking at me in worry. "I sensed what was going on and ran as fast as I could, but I didn't see you anywhere. I thought something happened and I-"

"I'm fine," I repeat, this time louder, making her flinch. "Saw someone getting attacked by a supernatural creature and helped, that's all. I didn't mask my magic in case I needed backup from the Yakuza."

"Did they help?"

"No," I deadpan, making her scowl deeply. "Believe it or not, the Devils did."

"What?" She freezes, looking at me in bewilderment.

"Yeah, weird. Thought they only looked after themselves, or that's what you said anyway," I shrug. "It turns out they actually care."

"I- well…" She sighs and shakes her head. "Doesn't matter, I'm just glad you're safe."

She embraces me again, this time not as rough as before, but she certainly takes her time. I don't know what to say exactly, still a little awkward from the fight we had yesterday, so I do what I do best and be blunt.

"Can you let go now?" I sigh.

"R-right." She says awkwardly, letting go of me. "Um, about what happened that night…"

"I'm not apologizing," I quickly say.

"That's not what I-" She groans in frustration. "Can you please let me finish first?"

I give her a nod, gesturing for her to continue.

"I-I just wanna say I'm sorry," Mizuki says. "I shouldn't have. It wasn't right to do any of that."

I remain silent.

"But I just couldn't help it. I was so worried the whole time, I couldn't even think anymore." She looks away with a hurt expression. "Those looks you sometimes have bring back bad, bad memories, ones I don't want to ever remember, y'know? I felt something was wrong, I had to know if you had them too."

"Them?" I raise a brow. Now this is getting interesting.

She pauses for a few seconds then answers. "Akane, you know we have yokai blood, but while yuki-onna aren't the kindest, my father's side of the family is… well, horrible, to put it simply."

"Horrible how? If they're something so much worse than yokai, why are we mostly human?"

I guess that implies that the Yokai heritage came from my grandmother's side. Good to know I guess.

"No, my father is fully human," She shakes her head. "But that bloodline has done nothing but conceive horrible humans, the worst kind. Worse than Devils even."

I blink in surprise.

…What the fuck is my family tree?

"We come from a long line of sadistic, egotistical, and bloodthirsty monsters - they have killed thousands of people with smiles on their faces," My mother explains. "And admittedly, I was never able to get rid of the same disgusting urges that drove them. Even today, while I've learned how to fully control them, I still feel it whispering sometimes."

…Alright, that explains some stuff.

"I know Tatsu and I raised you right, to be a good person, or at least, not a monster like them." She continues. "B-but sometimes, you just have that look, the exact same look they had. I trust you, Akane, with all my heart, I know you'd never be like them, but seeing that same look on your face scares me so much."

She looks ashamed, tears in the corners of her eyes as she admits that. Now I'm not particularly mad, more intrigued than anything. What kind of family did she come from? Yuki-No-Onna and now whatever that is. A strange combination.

Likely has to do with her past job as an assassin, and while I'd like to inquire more about it, I think I'm getting closer to the truth anyway. If I want to regain my AFF with her, I need to, unfortunately, play patient.

But hey, I'm right around the corner of getting her to talk, so silver lining. I prefer an increase in affection over obedience. I wonder if I get something out of it?

"Look, I get it. I understand now," I say. "I still don't appreciate what you did back there, but now that I have context, I can forgive it."

"R-really?" She looks at me with hopeful eyes.

She's like a puppy, I swear.

I'm supposed to be the daughter here, so why am I being a mom right now?

"I had an outburst I'm not proud of, but you know how much I hate it when people try to poke around my things," I say, wiping her tears away. "But I also hate it more when I see you crying, so stop that."

"I'm sorry."

"Yeah, yeah, we just had the same damned conversation a few days ago." I sigh, making her chuckle shakily. "Now stop crying. I'm not comforting you next time this happens, let Oji-san do it instead."

5 Affection with Mizuki Amamiya [95/100]

-10 Obedience with Mizuki Amamiya [50/100]

My face twitches in annoyance for a second.

"Ouch. Cold." Mizuki smiles, thankfully not noticing.

I can't help but feel a little amused at the unintentional pun. As much as I hate losing points in basically anything, I suppose it's a fair tradeoff. Just a little bit and I max out her affection for me, then I can try to focus on obedience.

Though, to be honest, I'm not sure how that would help me either. With how high her affection is, I can probably get whatever I want from her anyway. Trying to up her obedience will probably be unnecessarily difficult with little to no reward. I'd likely get a perk similar to the one I got from the glasses idiot, and it doesn't look like it's worth the trouble.

We'll see. I have other things I need to deal with first.

"By the way, I smelled something strange when I hugged you earlier," Mizuki says, eyes narrowing slightly as she adopts a scolding tone.

"...What?"

"You were smoking again, weren't you?"

Well shit. Busted.



(Issei)

He looked over the window in worry, still shaken up and unsure of exactly what had occurred earlier. Everything happened so fast - he wasn't able to register what happened until he was finally back home. Both of his parents were out, which he was thankful for because he wasn't ready to explain whatever the fuck went on down there, but he also didn't feel safe alone, even at home.

Kala-chan wanted to hurt him? She had wings, she could shoot light from her hands - she clearly wasn't human. But why? What did he do? Did he anger the wrong person somehow? Pissing people off isn't particularly difficult, but he kept most of the perverted tendencies in school, never out of it.

Honestly, he wasn't sure he'd survive that, but then his classmate came along, equally supernatural with her control over ice, and drove the big-titted winged girl out before the big bald man tried to shoot them.

That's a sentence he never thought was gonna form in his head, but here he is.

What the hell is going on here, and why do people want to kill him?

Maybe his mom was right. He should've stopped the perverted antics. First, it got his friends sent to the hospital - one with busted balls - got his ass handed to him, and now weird winged chicks with huge tits want to kill him.

He wondered if Akane made it out of there, or how she found him in the first place. Was it a coincidence? He didn't know, but what he does know is that she saved his life, and he hopes that she actually got out of there unharmed.

She admittedly scares him, more than a girl his age should, but the scene with her nearly beating the life out of his friends etched itself into his mind. The girl was crazy, but then she apologized to him later, so maybe she isn't that bad. To be fair, he and his friends were the ones who started it with their peeping.

Regardless, he didn't want to see her genuinely hurt. The bald man looked terrifying, and a part of Issei felt absolutely guilty for not trying to help her out. He's a guy, guys are supposed to protect girls, right?

Instead, he turned tail and ran, but what was he supposed to do in that situation? That psycho had a gun for fuck's sake. The police can handle it, right? He's sure they were gonna apprehend that fat bastard - Kuoh Police are fucking fierce.

He rubbed his eyes then turned over to look at his phone, grimacing as his parents still didn't read his message yet, prompting him to send another one. Where the hell did they go?

Issei gazed out of the window nervously and he saw his classmate standing at the front door, meeting his eyes and giving him a blank look. Issei blinked a few times then quickly made his way to her, opening the door for her.

Not knowing what to say, Issei spoke awkwardly. "H-hi?"

Akane snorted, ignoring his greeting. "I'm sure you have a lot of questions about what just happened."

"Yeah," He nodded, then quickly stepped aside. "Oh, uh, you can come in. My parents aren't home."

She came inside, still expressionless as Issei led her to the living room. For some reason, the air felt a little colder now, but that didn't come close to how awkward the atmosphere was, and how uncomfortable it felt.

He could feel her staring at him from behind, and it intimidated him a little too much. Issei cleared his throat and spoke up again, trying to clear the tension maybe.

"So um, would you like anything to drink or…?"

"No."

"Oh, okay."

Well, that didn't help. In fact, it just made everything worse. Might as well get to the point.

It seems she had a similar idea as she started explaining to him what that was all about, not even bothering to take a seat.

"Everything you saw back there was real. It's not a prank, a joke, or anything like that." She said, crossing her arms. "To make a long story short; most of the supernatural things you have heard about from stories exist. Devils, gods, magic, etcetera. Those things are real."

"Oh." Issei's eyes widened, unsure if he heard right. "I-I see."

Oh wow, okay. That was a bombshell if he had ever heard one. He figured that it might be something like that after what happened earlier, but to hear it stated as a fact was mind-blowing. And he had lived most of his life ignorant somehow?

Does the rest of the world know? From the looks of it, the supernatural things seem to be hidden, but that doesn't really explain why he was attacked.

"What you just saw, the girl with black wings, was a Fallen Angel." Akane elaborated. "Part of a relatively neutral organization led by a Fallen Angel."

"A- a Fallen Angel?" Issei parroted. "Kala-chan was an Angel?"

"You saw her wings, didn't you?" She raised a brow. "And I'm pretty sure you saw her use Light Magic. How is that hard to comprehend?"

"No, but I mean, an angel!" He said. "But wait, why did she try to kill me? Did I do something bad?"

"Fallen Angel, and it was because you have something within you," Akane responded. "The Fallen would never target a random pervert for no reason, but you're no random pervert. You have a Sacred Gear."

"Huh?" He uttered in confusion. "What is a Sacred Gear?"

"Superpowers given to selected humans upon birth," She explained. "You haven't awakened yours, so they wanted to kill you before you could."

"B-but why? I never even knew about any of this stuff before this!" This only served to confuse him more. "I-I would've lived my life not knowing anything at all- I would've never tried to interact with them!"

In all honesty, this frightened Issei a lot. He was targeted because of something he had no control over? If Akane hadn't arrived, he would've most definitely died, but seeing that he got away, does that mean they'll try again?

Will they target his family too? Do his parents have 'Sacred Gears' as well? Now he's not saying he's blaming Akane for this, of course not. He's eternally grateful that she actually risked her own life to save him, but now what? Is he gonna have to live in fear? Are they gonna try to kill him again?

"Calm down, it's not your fault," She said, "To be honest, it's a bit strange that they decided to kill you. The Fallen aren't usually anywhere near aggressive as this - they're more likely to try to recruit you than kill you."

"T-then why?"

"I don't know that either." Akane shrugged.

"What am I supposed to do then?" Issei questioned, desperate for an answer. "A-are they gonna hunt me down again?"

"Just relax, man." She groaned in frustration, making him flinch. "I saved you once, I'm not gonna let my efforts be in vain and have you killed the next day."

"Eh?" He blinked.

"What I just told you doesn't come close to being everything that's happening out there," She elaborated. "You have a Sacred Gear, so kiss living a normal life goodbye. If you want to live, then you need to know all about the supernatural world and how it works."

Issei didn't respond to that, opting to listen.

"Early tomorrow, before the sun rises, come over to the abandoned warehouse northwest of Kuoh," She told him, putting her hands in her coat's pockets. "Assuming you're interested in learning more about your power and the truth of the world you live in, of course. You're free to ignore me and go on about your business."

Issei nodded silently.

"I'll leave you to it then. You're probably overwhelmed enough as it is," She said, heading towards the door. "See ya."

"Wait," He stopped her. "Thank you for saving my life. I owe you."

She merely waved and exited through the front door, leaving Issei to his thoughts. He had a lot to think about, especially about her offer. He has superpowers he never knew about? That's reassuring - at least he's not completely defenseless against myths and legends that are apparently trying to kill him. Or, at least, he doesn't have to be.

He paused to think for a moment, a smile forming on his face.

…Does that mean his dream is possible?

Could Issei Hyoudou become the Harem King?


(Akane)

30 Reputation with Issei Hyoudou [50/100]

That's one down. Now I just need to save Ichi tomorrow before Raynare gets him, but they'll likely be a lot more cautious, or desperate if they even try it at all. Not having killed the Fallen or that fat asshole is gonna make it difficult - now they know that I can fight, and they're gonna expect me to involve myself again.

Ugh, this is a pain in the ass. Saving Ichiban is gonna be a lot harder than saving Issei. How am I supposed to lure them out without having Ichi getting hurt? Now they're unpredictable on top of them having assistance from sources I know nothing about.

…You know what? Fuck this.

Fuck being on the defensive.

Fuck waiting for them to make their move.

Fuck the Yakuza for not doing their fucking jobs.

And most importantly fuck the Fallen and their retarded ass plan.

I'm sick and tired of waiting for shit to happen.

My fists clench and I suddenly feel my blood boiling, a frown taking over my face as I pull out my phone, texting Ichi to come by the warehouse tomorrow morning.

If they think they can make my life difficult, they'll get another thing coming.

We'll see how they like being ambushed instead.
I have commissioned two Akane lewds. hurray!

I'd post them here, but the resolution is extremely shitty for some reason. join the discord and see them there. No, I'm not bribing you to join.
Last edited: Jan 31, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, TheAmnisiac and 302 others
Mirlnir
Jan 30, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 13: Party of Four
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Feb 18, 2022
Add bookmark
#250
(Ichiban)

Last night had been strange, to say the least. His best friend was acting pretty weird all things considered, from being curious where Issei - someone who she said she disliked - lives, to not showing up when she said they could hang out together. It wasn't like her to go against her words like this, but he understood.

Unlike before in Kamurocho, where they had been relatively young, carefree, and had practically had nothing to do, she had responsibilities here. He didn't mind it, because at the very least she still texted him and apologized for not being able to make it. Ichiban won't hold it against her.

Though, then he got a weirder text message. A cryptic 'Come to the abandoned warehouse northwest of Kuoh' garnered his confusion. When he asked if there was something up, Akane told him that she had something important to tell him.

And Ichiban wasn't about to question it. If his friend didn't elaborate via text, then that meant she preferred to tell him in person. He didn't mind. Not like he had anything better to do. He would've appreciated it if she didn't tell him to come over so early in the morning though, but oh well. At least it would at least help him get used to his new routine of waking up early.

Fucking school.

Something did feel off, though. It felt a lot more serious than usual. He was no empath, but he sometimes could recognize different tones even in texts, so he had made sure to not waste any time and woke up early, passing by a convenience store on the way for breakfast, then jogging over to the designated place.

His training with his patriarch's captain made him feel the disturbance around him, feeling like he was being watched. Ichiban was no slouch, but he recognized the presence isn't something he could deal with, so he hurried over to the warehouse, worried that his friend might be in danger, even though the presence didn't quite feel malicious.

Something was pretty off about this place, and he wasn't sure he liked it.

With a quick glance behind, Ichiban knocked on the door as another hand ran through his afro, nervous sweat trailing down his cheek. "Yo, Akane, are you there?"

He heard something or someone inside, but couldn't make out what they said. After a few more seconds, the door opened slowly and a familiar face poked out. Akane's mother froze and stared at the boy for a bit as a wide smile appeared on her face.

"Mizuki-san?" Ichiban muttered.

Before he could even continue further, the older woman had both of her hands on his shoulders.

"No way, is that you, Icchan?" She asked before hugging him tightly. "It's been so long~! Look at you, all grown up~"

"Unfhf?!" His eyes widened, rapidly losing breath as she brought his head close to her chest, almost suffocating.

"What's with the afro? It's not the sixties, Icchan. You're too late for that kind of look," She said with a giggle, seemingly unaware that he's currently dying in a… nice way. "Ah well, I still think it looks good on you."

"C-can't breathe!" He managed to get out, face becoming beet red from lack of breath and embarrassment.

"Oh, oops," She quickly let go of him, scratching her cheek with a nervous chuckle. "Sorry, sometimes I forget about my own strength."

That's not the issue. He thought with a gasp as he tried to look anywhere that was not her chest.

"I-it's fine," He said, catching his breath. "It's nice to see you again, Mizuki-san."

"Likewise! Never thought I'd see you again in all honesty," She patted his head with a grin. "What are you doing in Kuoh anyway?"

"I, uh, got accepted into Kuoh Academy," He responded truthfully.

"For real?" She looked a little surprised before ruffling his hair. "Hehe, that's my Icchan. I knew you were pretty bright from the day I laid eyes on you. That's why I let you be friends with Akane."

He blushed at the compliment and rubbed his neck bashfully, not used to hearing such genuine kindness. "T-thanks, the entrance exam was pretty tough, but I got through it."

"That's good to hear." She nodded, stepping aside to let him in. "Come in, Akane is waiting for you inside."

"Do you know why she called me here?" Ichiban questioned in curiosity as he stepped inside.

"Nope, no idea. I just got here myself and I don't know why she's called me here either." Mizuki sighed, running a hand through her hair. "Wish I could go to bed. Barely had a wink last night."

Same. Ichiban smiled in sympathy.

Mizuki closed the door behind them, and Ichiban took his time to view his surroundings. Unlike the outside, where the warehouse looked abandoned from its cracked walls and rusted pipes, the inside was the complete opposite. It made him do a double-take, glancing around to see the walls and floors in pristine condition, multiple pieces of familiar gym equipment, and even some he has never seen before.

"Up, over here," Akane called out to him from above, prompting him to look up to see only an open second floor.

He couldn't exactly tell where she was, so he followed her mother up the stairs, seeing his best friend wearing her sportswear under a black track jacket, calmly sitting on a couch in front of a 4k TV with a steaming mug in her hand. On the other side of said couch was none other than Issei with just a simple red T-shirt and jeans. This confused him even more - why is Issei there? What is this place? What the hell is going on? Last he checked, Akane didn't like the pervert.

And between them was an adorable girl he didn't recognize. With blond hair and big green eyes, she wore a simple blue blouse and a white skirt, she looked like a foreigner. The girl looked a little nervous, eyes darting around before her gaze landed at him. She gave a small and shy smile, prompting him to do the same.

"Good morning," Akane said, putting her mug on the coffee table in front of her. "Sorry for dragging you out early like this."

"It's cool." He waved it off. "What's this place?"

"My secret hideout," Akane answered. "You look pretty confused."

"That's one way to put it." Ichiban smiled a little, scratching the back of his head as his gaze turned to the nervous-looking Issei. "Yo, how are you doing?"

"Huh? Oh, I'm good, thanks." Issei responded, clearly not expecting a civil greeting from him.

"How's the nose?" Ichiban asked cheekily, his smile turning mischievous.

Akane snorted in amusement as Issei sighed. "Still hurts, but better. Thanks for backing me up, by the way."

"It's cool, not like that's the first time I stopped her from doing something stupid."

"Don't I know it," Mizuki muttered under her breath, prompting Ichiban to chuckle.

"I'm literally sitting right here." Akane frowned, crossing her arms before shaking her head. "Whatever. Ichi, let me introduce you to Asia Argento, a friend I met recently. She's not very good at Japanese, so I hope you can be patient with her."

"Oh sure, that's fine."

"Asia, this is Ichiban Kasuga. A friend." Akane turned to the blond, switching to English. Ichiban could understand a little bit of English, so he knew what she said. "You can call him Ichi like I do, he doesn't mind it."

Asia stood up, bowing to him respectfully before greeting him in broken Japanese.

"N-Nice to meeting you, Ichi-san." She said, admittedly in an adorable manner.

"Nice to meet you too, Asia." He nodded, a disarming smile on his face, then turned to look at his friend. "So what's going on? You brought us all here for a reason, right?"

"Right, and it's pretty important." She said, her tone changing making him straighten his back. This is serious stuff, isn't it? "Everyone here is involved in some way, so tell me."

The sudden shift in the atmosphere made him lose his smile as he nodded. He didn't know what this was all about, but as his friend stood up from her seat and looked him right in the eyes with a serious frown, Ichiban quickly knew that whatever this was, it was no small matter. It was obvious earlier before, from the vague message to feeling like he's being watched to the strange warehouse he's in, but this just confirmed it.

What could it be? It's a strange group - Akane, her mother, Issei, and now him? Well, whatever it is, he knows he's gonna support them anyway. Akane is his best friend, and Mizuki is the closest thing he could call to a mother. He doesn't know much about Issei, but he can tell that he has a good heart under all that perversion.

He didn't expect to be in shock when Akane uttered her next words.

"Do you know that the supernatural exists?"

His heart skipped a beat, cold sweat over his brow as his eyes widened. Of course he knows that it does, but why does she? Is she a part of some faction? Scratch that, Akane knowing that it does exist means she's involved, and in all honesty, he doesn't want her there.

He's been told that the supernatural world is a cruel place, where people are constantly dying or being enslaved, and he almost went through something similar himself. Ichiban himself didn't care what could happen to him, because he made an oath to serve Masumi Arakawa till his dying breath to pay back the old man's kindness, but his friends? That's another story entirely.

"I guess you do if the look on your face is any indication." Akane smiled a little, arms crossed behind her back.

"Eh? Akane?!" Mizuki frowned and nervously glanced around, as shocked as he was. From the looks of it, she didn't expect her daughter to suddenly spout this either. "This isn't something we can talk about freely- what do you think you're doing?"

"It's fine, Kaa-san. I even told Issei last night too." Akane waved it off.

"Look, I understand they're your friends, but you know we can't just drag random civilians into this." Her mother argued.

"We both know they're not random civilians," His best friend said calmly, making both him and Mizuki wince. "Let's just drop the act."

He wasn't sure how she knew, but she was right. Ichiban planned to join the Tojo Clan's Arakawa Family, and being part of the Yakuza means you can kiss a normal life goodbye. He himself didn't quite mind it. As a street rat, he had no life, but with Arakawa, he can be something more.

He knew he'd miss Akane when he's old enough to join the Yakuza, but this doesn't seem to be in view if she knows about it too.

The older woman rubbed her arm and backed off, grimacing in discomfort now with this new tense atmosphere around them growing stronger. Ichiban felt slightly bad for her if he's being honest. She probably just tried to protect them.

"Surprised? Don't be, I only knew about it recently myself." Akane turned to Ichiban, then referred to the other three. "Kaa-san used to be pretty involved and Issei was attacked by a Fallen Angel last night, and Asia was part of their organization. They know everything."

Ichiban looked at Issei, surprised and a little sympathetic. "You were attacked? You okay man?"

This was big news and not the good kind. He knew that Kuoh was pretty deep in Tojo territory, so another faction targeting somebody in their turf is practically a declaration of war. He thinks. He's not sure. Politics are hard.

But what are they doing here anyway? Why target Issei?

Mizuki didn't say anything, but he noticed the older woman frowning deeply.

"Y-yeah, Akane said they attacked because I have a Sacred Gear." He elaborated, rubbing his neck timidly. "And yeah, I'm alright. Thanks for asking."

Ichiban recognized the term. A Sacred Gear is a power bestowed upon humanity by God to fight back against the supernatural races, and according to Arakawa, Ichiban does have one of those Sacred Gears.

The patriarch wasn't sure what it was, but he said it was powerful. Ichi did try to somehow use this power multiple times, but no matter what, it never responded to him, so instead he focused on sharpening his skills in combat and physical training.

So Issei has one too, huh?

This revelation also made Asia freeze as she turned to look at Issei in shock. She might not know Japanese well, but she probably recognized the term 'Sacred Gear' as it's English in nature. The whole time, she didn't quite understand what was going on, but now she might have an inkling.

"A-Akane-san, what's going on?" She turned to Akane with a worried look.

"I'll explain everything later, don't worry." His friend responded with a soothing tone as she squeezed the blond's hand to comfort her. "Just give me a little bit more time, okay?"

Asia, calming down a bit, nodded quietly and waited for them to finish their conversation.

"Are you sure that's why they attacked you?" Mizuki questioned.

"Yes, because I'm pretty sure they're targeting him too," Akane quipped and pointed at Ichiban, surprising all of them. "Issei, mind telling us how you met that Kala-chan of yours?"

"Oh, uh right." Issei scratched the back of his head, taking a moment to consider his words before speaking up. "It happened two days ago, after school. Was on my way home before this big-titted, cool onee-chan stopped me and asked me out. I couldn't believe it at first, it felt like she's trying to pull a prank or something."

Akane and Ichiban grimaced, likely for different reasons. This is getting uncomfortably familiar for him.

"B-but then she kissed me, and I thought she was dead serious." His face flared up as he fidgeted. "I-I just couldn't say no to that, no way man. She had me trapped, literally between her boobs-"

"Okay, we get it." Akane cut him off as she rubbed her temples in frustration. "I'll continue off from here, thank you."

"How big are her boobs?"

"Not the time to be asking that, Kaa-san."

Two days ago, after school, getting asked out by a hot girl. Yep, definitely familiar. Okay, he understands where his best friend is coming from, pretty freaking suspicious, but how did she know about Issei getting targeted? Was she always suspicious? She didn't go to school that day, though.

"I remember you saying you wanted to see Issei yesterday, something about making sure there were no hard feelings," Ichiban said, beginning to understand.

"Yeah, I didn't find him in his house, and according to his mother he was out, but wasn't far." She nodded, getting back on topic. "Tried to catch up, and when I saw the girl, I immediately felt that something was off."

"Off how?" Mizuki raised a brow, arms crossed behind her back as she listened intently.

"I don't know, I just felt she was dangerous," Akane responded. "So I decided to follow them from a distance, and when I saw her casting a spell, I interfered."

"You fought off a Fallen Angel and survived?" Ichiban's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "I- I mean, I know you were strong but damn. How did you do that?"

Akane smirked and opened her hand, then right before his eyes, an icicle formed above her palm, silently explaining what his friend can actually do. If she wanted to shock him, she succeeded and then some as she left him with his mouth gaping like a fish. Is this why she's so damn tough? She can actually use magic?

"My fists aren't the only weapons I have at my disposal, Ichiban." She said smugly.

That's… wow.

This day is getting more and more shocking.

"And Asia?" Ichiban questioned, looking at the blond who looked utterly lost. She didn't know what the hell was going on from the looks of it. "How's she involved?"

"From what I gathered, she practically got kidnapped by them due to her own Sacred Gear," Akane said, shocking them once more as she put a hand on the blond's shoulder in a comforting way. "Poor girl didn't know she was being used. They probably manipulated her to help them."

"Bastards." Ichiban scowled, balling his hand into a fist. "The hell do they gain from this?"

"Regardless, once I had Issei explain what happened to me, I thought it'd be a good idea to tell you before anything bad happens. Everything sounded too coincidental, too similar to your case with this Yuuma." She explained as the icicle floating above her palm melted into nothing. "My mother and Issei are the only people I know that are aware of the supernatural, aside from Oji-san who isn't answering his phone."

"Akiyama isn't?" Mizuki muttered, looking at her daughter in question.

"Nope, I tried to call him multiple times. Didn't answer once." Akane confirmed with a nod.

With her frown deepening, Mizuki replied. "Give me a moment."

With that vague response, Mizuki jumped over the railing and down to the front door, quickly leaving and closing the door behind her. The three blinked in confusion at her sudden change in attitude, looking at each other before Akane decided to continue.

"Anyway…" She cleared her throat before addressing Ichiban. "You do seem to know quite a bit yourself."

"Yeah." He nodded slowly, calming himself down. "I, uh, had a run-in with devils once."

"For real?" She raised a brow, a little surprised. "You gotta tell me more about what happened, but for now, I wanna propose something."

She gestured for the three to get closer, and they did. Ichiban, of course, recognized this tone of hers, and he prepared himself for an insane idea as he grimaced, feeling a pit in his stomach. This was the same tone she had used before suggesting to take out an entire armed gang with nothing but their clothes on their backs and random rusted pipes they found lying around.

…It worked somehow, but he's not looking forward to doing something like that ever again, even if it was admittedly fun.

"Since these Fallen Angels think they can attack and kill random people," Akane looked at them both and gave the two a very dangerous grin. "I say we bring the fight to them and hit them twice as hard."

And there it is.

"W-what?!" Issei's eyes widened, almost jumping back in shock. "What are you saying?!"

"I'm saying instead of waiting around for them to kill anymore, we kick their shit in and make them pay." She elaborated, her smile still on her face as if she was proud of herself. "Don't you want to do that? I mean, I'd be pretty pissed if someone tried to kill me."

"I-I guess, but that's just too dangerous." He tried to argue timidly, nervously looking away from her gaze as he rubbed his neck. "I mean, what are we? Three teenagers against supernatural forces with magic. What can we do against that?"

"Three teenagers with their own superpowers." She reminded him, poking his chest with her finger. "You have your Sacred Gear that we're gonna try to unlock, I have my Ice Magic, and Ichiban has a Sacred Gear also."

"Yeah, I think that's-" Ichiban did a double-take, looking at Akane in shock. "Wait, how did you know that?!"

"Are you kidding?" She scoffed. "I could've sensed it from a mile away. You're not even trying to hide it."

"It can be sensed? I can hide it?!"

Her arms dropped to her sides as she grimaced. "Just how little do you know?"

"...T-the basics?" He winced at her scathingly unimpressed look.

"Joy." Akane sighed, tiredly rubbing her visible eye. "Well, we have time, so get comfortable. I need to tell you a lot of things you're missing out on, you too Issei."

As the four sat down, Ichiban felt somewhat relieved deep inside. His dreams never wavered since that day, he always wanted to pay back Arakawa for saving his life and showing him kindness, but not recognizing what it means just makes him delusional.

A part of him used to regret meeting Akane because going with the Yakuza probably meant he'd never see her again, and that just didn't sit right with him. His first and best friend is someone he will never, ever forget. Arakawa might've saved him physically, but she saved him mentally and emotionally.

To see that this is not the case anymore, that they can still be friends even if he joins the Tojo Clan sent a wave of relief through him. Even if he didn't want her to endanger herself, he knew it was a lost cause anyway. There's no way in hell Akane will just let herself be intimidated and stay away just to be safe. The girl likes to stick her nose where it doesn't belong and always gets herself in a mess.

And Ichiban wouldn't have it any other way.



(Akane)

I had a feeling that Ichi knew about the supernatural, but I didn't expect him to know practically nothing else other than the bare bones, though it does explain how casual and relaxed he is in school. He's aware that devils exist, but doesn't know that Rias, Sona, and a few others are actually devils.

So I sat down with the three, explained my position to them and what Kuoh truly is, and so on. If I want competent allies, then I need to give them the knowledge they need to be competent, and that includes my relationship with the Yakuza.

Which isn't really a secret. I'm pretty sure most factions know about that tidbit because according to my mother, Tatsu Amamiya - my father - still has a reputation as having been one of the most dangerous men in all the realms.

The language barrier between the boys and Asia is pretty annoying. I basically had to explain everything twice so everyone gets it, and the nun looked pretty down after. There is something on her mind. Unlike Issei and Ichi, Asia is delicate and needs to be taken care of more often. She requires more emotional support and 'maintenance' compared to the two.

It's annoying, but there isn't much I can do about it. I need a healer in my team - Twilight Healing is pretty much one of the most reliable abilities in this world. There isn't really a good way to get any healing power unless I personally take a support role as far as I know.

And it seems that Ichi recognized my father, he was intensely and oddly interested in learning more about him. I've never really talked about my dad much to anyone aside from my mother and uncle, so this is the first time he's heard about it.

I felt weirdly relieved that his behavior never really changed towards me even though I'm related to some admittedly horrible people, and he remained just as excitable and childish as he's always been.

As for Issei…

The guy was frozen like a statue when he heard that I'm a Yakuza heiress. I actually laughed when I saw him go pale as he realized what could've happened to him when he peeped on me, and what he got was actually mercy in comparison. I can be cruel, but the Yakuza are fucking terrifying. The stories of people getting stuffed in barrels full of concrete before they're thrown in the ocean aren't there just to scare people.

Though, when it came to the subject of devils, they were pretty disturbed. Ichiban, in his words, had history with them, Asia is a nun, so she's automatically pretty concerned even if she's healed a devil before, and this Issei isn't like the canon version as he wasn't saved by them, but by me. Being attacked by a supernatural being and saved by a human probably made him subconsciously biased. Plus, y'know, they are literally called devils. Not a name that inspires confidence,

That's what I need. It'll get harder for Rias to try to seduce him, and for all his bad traits, Issei is extremely loyal. He's also in my debt, so switching sides is almost impossible. The more I treat him nicely, the less likely he is to betray me.

This is going along nicely. While I would've loved to save Ichiban and gain his favor that way, he seemed pretty receptive to this approach as well. Issei is a lot less confident than Ichiban, so getting him dependent on me is something I can do.

But now the most important subject we need to discuss. How are we going to attack the Fallen? I'm personally powerful enough to handle myself, Ichiban is physically strong and knows how to fight, but Issei is just a normal guy. Until he unlocks his Sacred Gear of course.

I glance at my phone with a worried frown. I would feel a lot better if my mother could answer my calls, but she just went up and vanished. I had assumed that she wanted to talk to this Majima person or Akiyama. Doesn't look like it, it's already been thirty minutes.

"What's up?" Ichi asks, prompting me to put the device in my pocket.

"Nothing, don't worry about it." I wave it off as I put my phone back in my pocket. "As I was saying, if we want to stand a chance against the Fallen Angels, we need to get your Sacred Gears working. I personally don't have one, but I can compensate with my Ice Magic."

"How do we do that?" Issei questions, listening intently.

"I'm not too sure myself. Like I said, I only just learned about its existence recently." I say honestly. "Knowing what kind of Gear you have could help us, but we have no way of knowing that either. Ichi, do you have an idea?"

"Hm…" He scratches the back of his head, a thoughtful look on his face. "I've been told that you have to feel it and pull it out."

Issei snorts and puffs his cheeks at the innuendo, barely preventing himself from laughing before I speak up. "What kind of dumb explanation is that? That's just unnecessarily cryptic. Anything else?"

"Nope. The most generic explanation out of all generic explanations." He shrugs. "Why do you think I'm not able to use mine yet?"

I frown and turn to the blond, who looked pretty deep in thought. "Hey, Asia, how did you awaken your Twilight Healing?"

"Eh? Oh, um, well, I'm not really sure." She answers truthfully. "I've always been able to use it as far as I can remember."

"Well, that doesn't really help." I brush the part of my hair that's obscuring my eye back as I try to come up with another solution. "Perhaps some kind of a simulation could help?"

"What kind of simulation?" Issei asks curiously.

"Hm…" I give it more thought and nod to myself. "Let's go outside. The warehouse is too small for this."

As the three of us exit the building, we take it a bit further. The warehouse is located in a dock, and the place is pretty empty and big. From what my mother said, this whole section of the town is completely closed off, so we can't be sensed, seen, or heard here no matter what we do.

"I was thinking of something like a sparring match," I respond as I turn around to face them. "Let's start with you, Issei. I'll act as a Fallen Angel trying to kill you - my Ice Magic helps in that regard - while you try to stay alive and awaken your Sacred Gear."

Issei flinches as a worried look takes over his face, stepping back slightly.

"Calm down, man. She's not gonna kill you, just act like she's trying to." Ichi pats him on the back with a smile.

"Y-yeah, I know, but I've already seen what she can do without magic." He says before shivering.

"I won't kill you, but I'm gonna hurt you a lot," I smirk smugly at him as he freezes. "Won't be much of a simulation if you're completely unharmed, don't you think? Don't worry, I'll blunt the edge of my spells so you don't get hurt too bad."

"U-uh, yeah, I guess." He gulps audibly. "B-but we're gonna try to attack today, right? I-if I'm hurt, then I won't be able to help, right?"

"Don't conveniently forget about our healer, Issei." My smirk widens. "Pretty rude of you to ignore Asia, don't you think?"

She perks up at her name being said, still relatively confused at what's happening. The language barrier really is annoying, even if it does make it easier to use her to bully Issei. Is there a way to learn a whole new language in an instant? Because I don't have the time or patience to teach Asia everything.

I'm so gonna enjoy this, though.

"I-Ichiban-" Issei turns to look at Ichi, who is now at the other side of the docks. "How did you get there so fast?!"

"You can do it, Issei." Ichi gives him a thumbs up. "I believe in you man!"

"Asia, go stand there next to Ichi," I tell her, giving her hand a tiny squeeze. "Issei and I are gonna train, and I don't want you getting hurt."

"Okay." She nods, letting go of my hand as she backs off. "Please be careful."

I give her a thumbs-up before looking back at Issei to address him.

"If you don't want to get hurt-" I snap my fingers, getting his attention as a few blunted ice arrows appear around me. "-then focus. Think about how much you want to live, or better yet, defeat me."

"I-" Recognizing that there's nothing he can do to stop this, Issei admirably accepts his fate and nods seriously, a focused frown forming on his face after he takes a deep breath. "Alright, got it. I'll try my best."

I expected more whining. Glad to see that's not the case.

After giving him a moment to prepare himself, I force the arrows to soar towards him, but slow enough to give him a chance to actually dodge or block. He rolls over to the side, but with my high mana and low cost of the spells, I can do this for hours.

More arrows shoot at him, this time significantly faster as he's not able to evade. He cries out in pain, shielding his face and desperately trying to protect himself. These arrows aren't particularly lethal, but they hurt like a bitch. Without Asia's healing, he'd probably feel it for days.

Though, I do keep an eye on his HP. I don't want to kill him, just hurt him.

"Don't just stand there and take it, try to use your Sacred Gear." I chastise him, slowing down my firing rate. "Block, counterattack, do something."

This gets him moving as he tries to dodge the arrows. He's doing a better job, but some of them still land, hitting him in the sides and legs. He stumbles but catches himself from falling, getting behind a metal barrel to protect himself.

Since the arrows are blunted and I'm not throwing him too hard, they only made dents on the barrel, prompting me to sharpen them a little to give him a scare. It works when one arrow pierces the barrel, making him let out an amusing girlish yelp.

"This isn't working, Issei," I say to him with an unimpressed tone. "You're just wasting your breath running around like this."

"What am I supposed to do?!" He yells as another arrow hits his thigh, making him grunt before quickly fixing his posture. "I-I can't deal with this!"

"You can if you use your Sacred Gear."

"How?!"

"I dunno, figure it out."

Can you tell that I'm enjoying this? Because I am 100% loving every second.

This continues on, with Issei trying to desperately avoid my ice by hiding behind things or rolling out of the way. Once I notice him getting tired, bruised, and hurt, I go a little easier on him, slowing down the spells while also deliberately weakening them. As fun as this is, it's not working.

He hides behind a box as I try to come up with a way to get him to actually fight back. The guy is scared to even try to charge at me, and his self-preservation instincts aren't kicking in well enough. I need to motivate him more.

"Issei, stop hiding and face me," I say, trying to sound annoyed as a frown takes over my face. "Don't you want to help and protect this town? Don't you want to pay them back for tricking you?"

He doesn't answer, but I can tell my words had the desired effect.

"Imagine what could've happened if you died." I continue. "They could've moved on to your family, killed your parents or hell, wiped them out of existence with their spells. Do you want that to happen?"

"No!" He steps out from behind the box, a bothered look on his face as his fists clench tightly. "That's not it!"

"Because this is what it looks like to me," I respond harshly, making him flinch. He knows it isn't true, but anger is a very good motivator. "Did the Fallen scare you that much? Are you that much of a coward?"

"T-this is all just new to me, alright?! I didn't know anything about this until last night!" He tries to justify it, looking to the side as he refuses to meet my eyes.

"You think they care? You think they're gonna wait for you to get used to it?" I scoff as a few more blunted arrows form around me. "Fine, you stay here. We don't need your help - Ichi and I are perfectly able to handle it ourselves."

"That's not what I'm saying-"

"Then stop being a pussy and fight back!" I cut him off with a growl, flinging the spells at him. "Prove to me that you're no deadweight!"

Thankfully, this doesn't intimidate him and instead inspires him to do better as he evades the spells before grabbing a metal sheet nearby, shielding his face and upper body with it as he charges at me. My frown drops, replaced with a smile as I 'try' to trip him with a few ice spells, but he's able to 'valiantly' push through it.

As he gets close, he throws the metal sheet at me, but I easily avoid it with a tilt of my head. With his arm extended as he intends to grab me, I simply move out of the way and trip him, but he's able to quickly turn around as he's falling, aiming his arm at me.

Though this time, there was a strange, black object attached to his hand, and a strange magical line came out of it and right at me. I didn't expect this at all, but I'm able to barely evade the projectile, quickly processing what I just saw.

This wasn't the Boosted Gear, this was Saji's.

Vritra's Absorption Line.

I quickly glance at the approaching Ichiban then back at Issei.

Then this means…

"Yoooo what the hell was that?!" Ichiban questions as he and Asia come running, witnessing the weird phenomenon that just happened. "I saw some weird thing come out of your- What in the fuck is that on your hand?!"

"W-what the fuck?!" Issei looks at the weird, but oddly cute little lizard with wide eyes before quickly trying to shake it off. "G-get it off! Get it off!"

"Wait, I'll get a crowbar or something!" Ichiban panics, looking around the dock to see if he could find anything. "Don't try to do anything weird and scare it, it could be poisonous!"

Asia stands there, also scared and panicking. She tries to say something in broken Japanese, but she stumbles on her words before she just gives up and switches back to English, summoning her Twilight Healing to heal it away or something.

"I-it's gonna be alright! Please, don't panic!" Asia says in English, panicking. "I-I'll try to soothe it with this."

As funny as seeing them all over the place is, I don't want them doing something stupid.

"For crying out loud, stop being drama queens." I stop the idiots from doing anything unnecessary with a sigh. "This is what we're hoping to awaken."

The three look at me weirdly, frozen still before Issei and Ichi utter a confused response dumbly.

"Huh?"

"What?"

"Congratulations, this is your Sacred Gear." I clarify, looking at Issei. "It's a dragon type from the looks of it, and that weird beam thing means it's Absorption Line. One part of Black Dragon's Pulse out of four."

With this new information, the two boys calm down. Asia quickly understands the situation and relaxes right after.

"Damn," Ichiban mutters, clearly impressed as he helps Issei up. "Nice job man! You got a cool ass Sacred Gear, and you even awakened it before I did. Good on you!"

"It's cute." Asia giggles as she pokes the black lizard.

"I uh, heh, thanks." Issei smiles and nods bashfully, accepting the praise as he rubs his neck, looking at the tiny lizard attached to his hand. "So this is my Sacred Gear? What can it do?"

"From what I remember, these line beams are solid, so you can probably make genuine constructs once you get used to it." I put a hand on my chin as I try to remember what else it can do, a thoughtful frown taking over my face. "And as the name suggests, you can absorb someone or something's power with it to increase your own, or even connect it to allies and strengthen them."

"Woah…"

"That's so cool." Ichiban grins, patting Issei on the back. "This is gonna come in handy when we get in a fight with the Fallen Angels. You can make a shield or something to absorb their light spears, it's literally the perfect defense mechanism."

"You can overload though, so be careful with that," I warn him seriously, then give the two a smile. "But Ichiban is right. Absorption Line is definitely a really powerful weapon to have. Hell, a few days of practice and you alone could probably take them on."

25 Reputation with Issei Hyoudou [75/100]

He blushes at the compliment, and it's not like I'm actually lying here. It's no Boosted Gear, but it's definitely a lot more useful in the early stages. I don't think Issei would have a lot of trouble against the Fallen Angels with Absorption Line once he learns how to use it efficiently. It's pretty strong all things considered.

Though, if he has that, then that means Ichi is the one with the Boosted Gear, and I'm so glad if this is the case. I don't have to suck up to the idiot as much now that I know this, while also knowing that my efforts weren't in vain when I saved him.

I would've been pissed if he had something like a regular Twice Critical. That power is worthless in the hands of someone like Issei, and to make it even remotely useful will require a lot of time and resources. It wouldn't be worth it at all.

Since I had Issei's status sheet open to the side to keep an eye on his HP, I did notice a significant increase in his stats. An average ten on almost everything became 70-90, the lowest being his WIS while the highest is his STR. I didn't know awakening a Sacred Gear increases your overall power, but I'll take it.

With the three of us now, with Issei awakening his gear, the Fallen shouldn't be too difficult to handle. Kalawarner's stats weren't much when I checked. Downright embarrassing even, so I can likely assume that it's the same for the rest of the Fallen barring Raynare, who is the leader of the group, thus making her the strongest. Probably.

Though, there is that Ed asshole I have to worry about, too. Magic resistant and pretty damn tough, but I think we got this. Since Ichi said he tried but failed to awaken his gear, then a simulation wouldn't work, because, unlike Issei, he's supernaturally strong, so I won't be able to push him to awaken it. An actual battle is probably what's needed for him to awaken the Boosted Gear.

And with that, he can easily manhandle Ed on his own. Ichi has shit magic potential, so he probably relies on his physical strength more, exactly what you need to kick that fat bastard's ass.

Freed is someone I have to deal with pretty quickly - if he runs away and lives, he'll be back with an Excalibur. I don't want an annoying little shit like him flailing around a mythical object.

"Yo, Akane, we ready to bring the fight to them?" Ichiban asks, looking surprisingly excited. "Seeing this whole thing made me pumped. I wanna kick somebody's ass!"

"Not yet, it's still pretty early for that." I shake my head. "Issei, you stay here and practice your Sacred Gear a little more. Meet me at my house in three hours, we'll think of a plan to ambush them then."

It's not wise to be impatient, we have time to get Issei to practice his power a little more as I finish the training quest for an extra boost, then just ambush them once Raynare is out of the picture. They'll be down a fighter and will never be expecting an ambush. We got this in the bag.

I gotta hurry and finish the quest, only a few kilometers left. 60 Points to all physical stats plus Charisma is too useful for the fight ahead.



Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 95

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Cryomancer - LVL 95/100 [3%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 0/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 3000 [300 per minute]

MP - 9500 [5700 per minute]

SP - 3000 [300 per minute]

STR - 300

END - 300

DEX - 360

INT - 950

WIS - 950

CHA - 390

LUK – 190

Perks gained

[Overpowering] - Perk - STR 250

Through willpower and/or stubbornness, you refuse to be overpowered no matter what. You'll force your muscles to work extra hard for you, increasing your strength whenever you're in a pinch.

When you're being overpowered in a battle of strength, I.E Arm Wrestling, your STR will gain a temporary 25% boost.

[Ready for More] - Perk - END 250

Though you may tire, you're always pumped to do more, prompting you to regain your stamina much faster than usual. Such motivation isn't quite common these days, you should be proud of yourself.

Whenever your SP is under 50%, its regeneration is doubled.

[Perfect Body] - Perk

You've honed your body to perfection, beautiful enough to stun anyone who even gets a glimpse of it, regardless of their preference. Your body will always magically remain in its peak condition, giving you great stamina.

All CHA checks are easier. Affection is significantly easier to gain. If you intend to, you're able to make even gay men and straight women attracted to you.

All skills will cost 20% less SP

I spent around two hours focusing on the quest, only having around 20 kilometers to go before fully finishing the quest. I've kept it at the forefront of my mind because I know the boost would be needed in the fight.

Because aside from the stat increase itself, I knew that I'd get new perks for my Endurance and Strength. They're pretty decent, around as useful as I expected, but will be even better the stronger I become. A 25% increase in STR right now isn't really much, but imagine when I have something like 2000 points?

Same with the double stamina regeneration. There's no doubt that I'll get more stamina increase perks, so those perks are the kind that'll grow with me. Decent for now, really good later on.

As for the Perfect Body perk, well, I love it far more than I expected. Yes, the bonuses are pretty damn good, but in all honesty, I'm more impressed by what it did to me, or my body specifically. When it said a Perfect Body, it wasn't lying.

I stare at my reflection in the mirror, completely naked as I smile smugly at my newfound beauty. I'm an inch taller, breasts a tiny bit bigger, my arms and legs are more toned, and muscles become easy to see whenever I flex. My stomach is the same, not quite having a six-pack, but good enough that anyone could tell that I'm athletic, which is perfect to me.

I quickly twirl around, my smirk widening as I notice my ass jiggling slightly at my sudden movement.

Even my lower body, from waist to hips to thighs to legs, everything is just perfect. I always had a pretty face, even before the increase to my CHA, and now that I have a body to back it up, my sex appeal is through the roof. I was admittedly a little self-conscious when I saw the devils in my school, but now?

I take out my phone and snap a quick picture to use as teasing material, making sure nothing too explicit is on display.

Rias can have tits bigger than my head for all I care because no matter how hard she tries, she'll never have an ass like mine.

My smirk then drops as I frown in thought, considering the possible consequences. As much as I love this amazing change, it's pretty sudden. People, my mother especially, will immediately notice how different I look.

I have to be pretty careful, perhaps wear baggy clothes to conceal all of this for a while. Mizuki might not question it considering our last talk, but I don't want to worry her and make her any more suspicious of me.

Speaking of my mother, she's not answering any of my texts or calls, and it's worrying. Where did she go? Did something happen to her? I was hoping she could assist us in the fight - an assassin of her skill is probably enough to handle them all in her sleep - but she just went up and vanished.

What the hell is going on in this town? First Akiyama, and now her?

She and I are gonna have a word if she doesn't answer soon.

And I also need to make an elaborate and believable lie to explain the new changes in me, because I know I can't hide this forever, but I also can't just reveal the Game to them, it's my most powerful weapon. I don't know if even such a thing exists, but I don't want anyone somehow figuring out a weakness for it.

I can worry about this later, though. The Fallen are more important right now.

I give my inventory a quick look as I put on some clothes, a short-sleeved hoodie on top of a shirt, and jeans that are easy to move in, before styling my hair into a ponytail. Ichi, Issei, and Asia would probably notice the difference in my body too, so a little bit of change in style could help throw them off a little.

All the essentials such as my phone, keys, weapons - they're all in my inventory. I just need to be a little discreet when pulling some stuff so nobody starts questioning. I don't have a lot of great weapons, but the bats I have are probably more than enough for this level of threat.

And I also have the Frost Katana for an extra melee weapon just in case. Aside from the Fallen, the fat bastard, and Freed, there's also a couple of stray exorcists we need to worry about I believe. It'd be pretty dumb of them if they didn't bring a bit of firepower, so I'm basing my assumption off of that.

I leave my room and lock the door behind me, going downstairs to see Ichiban, Issei and Asia in the living room waiting for me.

"Alright, let's recap." I say, getting their attention. "When it comes to danger level, they probably have guns and stuff, but Issei's Absorption Line is more than strong enough to block those."

"So I focus on support?" He notes questioningly. "Alright. I've gotten a hang of this Sacred Gear. I'll try my best."

"I'll be the tank, then," Ichi says with an excited smile. "I can pull their attention away from you guys as you assist me from behind. Akane, you are-"

"The DPS, yes I know." I smile back, amused at his childish enthusiasm. "Using game terms to explain a plan is so you."

"Hey, I got the point across, didn't I?" He shrugs. "You probably hit the hardest between all of us."

"I didn't say it's a bad plan, just that it's not exactly this simple."

"What about Asia?" Issei quips, snapping our attention to the confused blond.

"Let me handle it," I say.

She's been very quiet recently. Probably nervousness and her inability to understand what we're saying. This is kinda annoying, I need to find a way to teach her the language quickly.

"Asia, the three of us will go over to the abandoned church and attack the Fallen ourselves to drive them off Kuoh," I explain the gist of it, or more specifically, recap for her. "You're not much of a fighter, that much I know, so you don't have to come along if you don't want to. None of us want to see you get hurt."

"B-but I can help!" She protests. "I can use Twilight Healing to heal when you get injured."

"I know that. I'm not telling you to stay, I'm just asking you. Are you sure you want to come along?" I question her firmly. "Things could get messy, people will get hurt, and some might die. Are you sure you're okay knowing that?"

Asia flinches and falters a little bit, but her persistence and determination quickly return as a serious look takes over her face. "We haven't known each other for long, but you've already given me so much. It's my turn to help you."

She really is emotionally starved. I was nice to her for like, a few days and she's already okay with throwing her life for me. Perhaps that, or she really doesn't comprehend or understand what an actual battle is like. She's been a nun her whole life, of course, she's never been on the battlefield.

Not like I'm different, to be honest, but I've seen and been in my fair share of street fights where a couple of people died - never by my hand though - so I'm a little desensitized. Even then, Gamer's Mind helps a lot in that regard. I still remember the time I killed those thugs, and I still feel no remorse for it.

Assuming it's not the work of the Sociopath trait of course.

"Alright, if you're sure, but listen to everything I say, alright?" I respond, making her nod. "You're a healer, so your most important role is to make sure you're safe. If you're down, everybody dies."

She flinches and her eyes widen. Heh, no pressure.

"If you see someone getting hurt, don't panic and run off to them until they tell you to." I continue explaining her position. "If you need any kind of protection, tell us. Don't stay quiet about it. Ever."

"O-okay…"

"I'm counting on you." I give her one confident smile and a comforting shoulder squeeze. "All of us are."

10 Reputation with Asia Argento [100/100]

Reputation Maxed! +50(100) CHA!

Affection unlocked

So maxing out reputation gives a stat boost? That's pretty handy - is it random or is it tied to the character? Because I can see how Asia gives Charisma, she's pretty cute, and I guess kindness translates to charisma too somehow.

And with the double stat gain perk, I got 100 CHA instead. Ten points before I reach 500 and get a new perk.

She blushes deeply, lowers her head, and nods meekly. "I-I won't let you down."

She's so fucking easy.

"Alright, she's in." I tell the other two, "Ichi, how long till your date?"

"A few hours." He answers. "You want me to go along with it?"

"Yeah, the three of us will keep an eye on you from a distance." I nod. "There's a chance she might attack you immediately, but if she doesn't, then try to trick her and get her somewhere empty. The moment she does anything weird, we attack. Once we're done-"

"We ambush the rest." Issei finishes the sentence for me.

"Right. They'll be down a leader and one of their members injured. Easy pickings." I confirm.

"Alright, we got everything down," Ichiban smirks, oddly excited about this. "Let's do this."

And here I thought he'd be at least a little apprehensive.



(Raynare)

The moment she was assigned to Kuoh, Raynare immediately had a horrible feeling. It's not wise to get in between possible peace talks between two factions, because people discovering their involvement could mean a possible end for the Grigori, and she didn't want to be responsible for that.

She didn't have the guts to ask to be positioned somewhere else, though, because the Cadre was nowhere near as nice as Lord Azazel. There is a real chance of dying from an 'accident' if she dares to question him.

But now? Seeing everything falling apart? She really wished she declined the mission and ran off to her Lord. He wouldn't defend her outright, but he'd keep an eye on Kokabiel and make sure he didn't do anything impulsive.

The idiotic warmonger couldn't care less if she or her squad died off in this mission, that's why he even sent them on the equivalent of a suicide mission just to make a spark that'll restart the great war, along with the Yakuza and possibly Yokai this time. How exactly stealthily killing off a bunch of sacred gear wielders was meant to do that she wasn't sure, but she sure wasn't going to question the Cadre about it.

When Kalawarner came back injured, Raynare felt her heart drop to her stomach as she realized what this meant, and when her subordinate explained what had happened, Raynare wanted to die. A simple Yakuza soldier seeing them is bad enough, but the fucking daughter of the Immortal Dragon?

Was this some kind of a sick joke?

Aside from the girl somehow injuring Kalawarner when according to the data they had, she doesn't even know the supernatural exists, now the Yakuza will be ten times more alert than before. Recognizing what faction they're from is even worse - This literally could start a war with the Grigori instead of the devils any second now.

When she tried to contact the Cadre, he simply told her to continue with the mission and not question him again, otherwise, there will be consequences. Raynare and her squad were utterly fucked completely. They'd either die by the Yakuza or by one of their own.

And now this afro moron wasn't even listening to her anymore. With the Yakuza alert, she didn't want to be anywhere near other people. She might have that Energy Inhibitor device, but her paranoia isn't helping, so she wanted to drag the boy somewhere and kill him there quickly before taking her leave.

But no, he was annoyingly insistent into going somewhere specific, not even giving her room to argue as he dragged her through crowds and crowds of people. Since when was he so excited and confident? When Raynare had asked him out, he couldn't even speak properly.

However, she did notice that there were fewer and fewer people the more they walked. Where was he taking her? It didn't matter. The moment she finds an opportunity, she'd stab him in the back and run as fast as she can.

She glanced back, making sure that there was nobody near other than her backup. Freed, who kept a distance and was leaning against a lamppost, gave her a small nod with a grin plastered on his face.

Raynare looked at her target, who looked completely unaware of what was about to transpire as he led her further and further away from the center of the town, then scanned her surroundings for any possible escape routes.

It was a relatively empty street, with a couple of abandoned buildings and construction sites. She still didn't know what was so interesting about this or where he was taking her, but at this point, she just wanted to be done with this and go home.

With her arms crossed behind her back as she followed the boy closely behind, she created a small Light Dagger. She wanted to be quiet and discreet about this, as any grandiose reveal or time taken to torture him was risky at the moment.

As she was about to slit his throat from behind, her shoulder suddenly flared in agony, prompting her to shut her eyes and scream in pain. As soon as she opened her eyes, she only had a split second to see the backhand before it connected with her cheek, sending her flipping backward and falling on her front.

What the hell just happened?

Raynare quickly got on her feet, shoulder bleeding from a hole that was just made in it. She growled at the boy who dared to hit her, and he simply scowled back in return, getting in a stance. "I hate fakers like you wouldn't believe."

"H-how did you know?" Raynare grunted, holding her injured shoulder. "Y-you weren't supposed to know a thing!"

And whatever was that just now, whoever shot her. Where are they? The boy clearly had allies, but she wasn'tt seeing any…

Raynare froze as she met the eyes of the culprit.

Up, on the roof of a nearby building, the Yakuza Heiress pointed at the Fallen, tiny magic particles gathering at the tip of her finger. Raynare shivered as the girl smirked darkly, a glint in her eyes telling her she was enjoying every moment of this.

Beside her was that boy Kalawarner was supposed to kill, seemingly having already awakened his Sacred Gear, if the lizard on his hand was any indication. He looked at her with anger and disdain, likely holding a grudge.

"Yeah, exactly." The boy chuckled, getting her attention. "It's exactly what you're thinking about right now. You are fucked."

"You're nothing but children in the face of a veteran." Raynare scoffed, showing her bravado, even if she knew that any step would prompt the girl to shoot. "You had the element of surprise, that's all."

"Keep telling yourself that." He smirked arrogantly. "Now, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. Give yourself up and we won't hurt you. Fight and get your ass handed to you on a silver platter. Your choice."

A glance back told her that Freed wasn't where he had been anymore, but she knew the bloodthirsty manchild wouldn't run away from this. He slipped by them, and if she wasn't overestimating his intelligence, then he was probably ambushing the two up on the roof.

She just needed to stall for time. The moment he took out the girl, she could charge at the boy and kill him. Fuck keeping the peace, she couldn't care less if the stupid heiress dies anymore. They were fucked anyway.

"A-alright, you've made your point." Raynare put her hands up, dispelling the Light Spear as her eyes darted around; specifically between the boy in front of her and the rooftop. "Nobody wants this to get out of hand, I can see that."

Raynare noticed the heiress' face twist, her expression turning into one of confusion, but made nothing of it. Even the afro boy was a little surprised, having to do a double-take before responding.

"Wait, really?" He blinked. "Huh, I honestly didn't expect this to work."

"You have me cornered, and I have nowhere to go." The Fallen explained. "It's only logical that I surrender if I wish to keep my life."

Hurry it up, you stupid manchild. Raynare thought, stopping a growl from escaping her. I can't do this for too long or they might figure it out.

"Yeah, that's true." The boy agreed, his cocky grin returning. "I just didn't expect you to do a 180 and drop that facade so fast. You were thiiis ready to actually fight back."

This time, a growl of frustration and shame left her mouth, glaring at the boy with anger. She hated that smirk and couldn't wait to wipe it off. Just a little longer…

As the boy walked towards her, a startled scream quickly snapped his attention away from her. Raynare took a short moment to glance at the rooftop of the building, seeing three individuals falling from it.

Freed was laughing maniacally, aiming his Light Gun at the two. As soon as he pulled the trigger, wings of ice sprouted out of the scowling heiress' back as she grabbed the other boy, shielding them both from the bullets.

"Akane!" The Longinus holder yelled in worry, and Raynare took that chance to begin her counterattack.

With a burst of speed, she grabbed the boy by the face and dragged his head across the pavement, ignoring the sharp pain in her shoulder. Surprisingly, the boy was more than strong enough to grab her arm and hold it in a leglock, seemingly also tough enough to endure a punishment no other human could.

He forced her down with his legs, twisting her arm and fully turning the tides. Raynare quickly summoned a Light Spear, but he noticed and quickly let her go, jumping back to gain a distance.

Raynare stood up, snarling at the pesky human. Close combat wouldn't work, it seemed. She didn't know he was trained, but of course he was. Another pain in the ass to add to that ever-growing list.

The Fallen saw her partner having trouble out of the corner of her eyes, barely dodging and blocking the ice spells before a line made of some sort of magic stabbed his leg. Freed hissed and cut the line with his sword, but whatever it was, it slowed him down as a few ice arrows managed to graze him.

Freed wasn't even able to close the distance at all - his gun was as useless as he was, as every time he tried to shoot them, the girl would protect herself and the boy with her wings. Like an idiot, he didn't change his approach at all, simply charging before getting pushed back by the onslaught of ice spells that even Raynare wouldn't have been able to handle. The girl's mana felt incredibly dense and heavy for someone of her experience and age

So the girl was trained too. Fan-fucking-tastic.

Summoning a few Light Spears, Raynare flew back and sent them forth, growling in annoyance as the boy simply rolled out of the way and dodged every single one of her attacks. She kept flying backward, pulling more of her mana to try to skewer the pest in front of her, who simply rushed towards her before grabbing a nearby bike.

Raynare was a tiny bit confused at first, but then quickly understood why he did that as he threw the damned bike at her with a roar. She gasped as she was completely unable to dodge, the abnormal strength of the boy causing it to fly far faster than any of her spears could.

All she could do was brace herself as it struck her, shattering on impact and disorientating her a little, however, she was fast enough to recover and fly away from the boy as he jumped high, throwing a haymaker.

Raynare did not notice the line of magic that plunged itself into her leg though, making her yelp in pain as the other boy with the awakened Sacred Gear smirked at her. She could feel her magic being drained, and she tried everything she could to cut it off quickly, but the Longinus Wielder, still in the air, grabbed the line of magic that was connected to her leg and used it as a monkey bar, throwing himself higher before going down on her with an axe-kick.

The world darkened for a split second as she was sent down hard, creating a body-shaped crater. Raynare gasped as her vision returned, that attack had severely injured her. She tried to move, only barely able to sit on her knees as she held her head in pain, blood trickling down her forehead and nose.

She still felt dizzy, but thankfully she wasn't knocked out, even if a part of her hoped that it had been the case. This was painful.

The boy dropped down and stood over her, the smirk on his face making it clear who was the winner between them. They never had a chance to begin with, did they? Even Freed's ambush didn't help.

"Y-you stupid bitch!" The idiot manchild screamed at the top of his lungs in rage, making Raynare wince. "Stop doing that and fight me for real!"

"That's what I'm doing right now, you whiny cunt." She growled, but then a smug smirk bloomed on her face. "But alright."

Surprising all of them, the girl simply stopped casting her spells and just… stood there. Even her allies were shocked at her action. With Raynare mentally giving up, she felt curious and began just watching the scene unfold before her.

"Hehehehahahaha!" Freed laughed loudly, gripping his sword tightly as he threw the gun to the side, knowing it's not much help. "Holy shit, I didn't expect you to actually listen. I guess you really do know your place, whore."

"This 'whore' is about to shove that sword so far up your ass, whoever pulls it out will be crowned the King of England."

"The fuck?!" Freed's mad grin turned into a scowl.

"You heard me~" Her smirk widened at his snarling.

Freed rushed towards her with a roar as she kicked the boy beside her away. As Raynare's partner closed the distance, he slashed in an attempt to cut her in half, but she simply stepped to the side and buried her fist into his stomach, knocking the wind out of him.

Freed wasn't even given a chance to recover, as not even a second later, the girl grabbed him by the collar and threw a punch at his face. Then another, and another. A fourth, a fifth - over and over and over as teeth flew and blood splattered on her face and outfit. Freed was barely even recognizable anymore.

Everyone was silent as they watched this whole thing happen in front of them, and Raynare had to admit, this was cathartic to watch.

But all good things must come to an end as the heiress let go of him, delivering one final right hook that sent him sprawling all over the pavement. With her fist now dripping with the stray exorcist's blood, the girl let out a drawn-out sigh.

"That felt amazing." She muttered loud enough for all of them to hear as she approached Raynare. "You have no idea how much I wanted to do that."

"D-damn…" Kalawarner's target, getting up from that kick, mumbled in shock. "I'm so glad I was never on the receiving end of that."

"Heh, classic." The Longinus Wielder noted. "Not gonna lie though, it caught me off guard a bit. The whole ice magic thing made me forget that you actually know how to throw a punch."

"Could always remind you if you'd like?" She smirked playfully, then stared down at the Fallen. "Now, what do we do with you?"

"Hand her over to the Yakuza?" The boy with the awakened Gear suggested. "They'd know how to handle this, right?"

"Yeah, I feel like this isn't something we should be handling, Akane." The other boy agreed.

"I dunno, I'm honestly tempted to just kill them and be done with it." She said bluntly, surprising all of them. "Would save us a lot of trouble."

"M-maybe we shouldn't." Kalawarner's target mumbled a little meekly. "It doesn't feel right."

"Why not?" She raised a brow at him. "They attacked us first. We have every right to off them."

Raynare felt her blood run cold at how casually she said that. She knew humans usually have a lot of empathy, but this girl isn't one of them from the looks of it. She had to say something. Now.

"I-if you kill me-" Raynare interrupted, swallowing thickly. "Y-you might ignite a war with the Grigori."

The girl looked at her in shock for a few seconds before chucking.

"Oh? Really now?" The girl's grin was wide as if she heard something particularly amusing. "So a war starting isn't because you infiltrated Kuoh? Not because you had the balls to try to kill random innocent people on grounds not your own? Not because you attacked me?"

Raynare flinched.

"But because we defended ourselves from you, somehow that's our fault?" The Yakuza Heiress lost her smile and scoffed. "You moron. Do you even hear yourself? Who the fuck do you think you are, threatening me like this?"

"Oi, calm down." The Longinus Wielder put a hand on her shoulder. "I know how you feel, but let's not do anything hasty."

"So we just let her go? After what's she done?"

"No, I'm just saying that killing her isn't worth it." He tried to argue on the Fallen's behalf. "It wouldn't solve anything, would it? Once we hand her over, we're done. It's not our issue anymore."

She merely glared at the Fallen, who nervously looked away. This is not good, not good at all.

"...I suppose you're right. She's not worth it."

Raynare almost let out a long sigh of relief but managed to hold it in.

"But like you said, we're not gonna let her go either." She grinned wickedly. "Issei, hand over that pipe over there."

The boy blinked and nodded, quickly running over to the iron pipe lying on the ground and grabbing it. The Heiress grabbed the pipe and twirled it, prompting Raynare to realize what was about to happen.

"Don't worry, we know where your idiot friends are hiding. We'll deal with them too." She said, "But for now, how about you take a short nap?"

"W-wait, hold on-"

"Goodnight."

And with a swing of that pipe, Raynare went to sleep.



(Akane)

I really wanted to kill the two of them, but I thankfully calmed myself down and thought about it a little more. As tempting as it was, with the EXP I'd get by ending their lives, I do want to build a positive reputation. I don't want to be seen as merciless or anything like that, not yet at least.

A good reputation means more allies, and more allies means more power. I already have somewhat of a reputation, harsh but not heartless, which is perfect. I need to keep at it and keep my emotions in check. I don't like it, appealing to other people and sucking up to them, but you catch more flies with honey than vinegar.

At some point, though, I won't be able to hide it, but hopefully, by that time, I'll be more than strong enough to protect myself from anything.

I didn't expect Freed to jump out of nowhere and ambush us if I'm being honest, but he's easily handled. He's faster than that Ed guy, but far less powerful and has little to no magical resistance. He's a fourth-rate villain anyway, I was never particularly worried about him.

And like I expected, Raynare had more stats than the other Fallen. Nothing to write home about, but she's… somewhat of a threat. To one of us at least. Pretty sure even Issei alone could beat her.

Once we were done, we knocked her out and bound the two with chains in my warehouse, and just to be extra careful, I trapped them with my ice, freezing their legs on the ground. We searched their belongings, but they didn't have anything worth noting. Only a dagger hidden with Freed.

I kicked him in the face for good measure. Bastard.

Asia then came out from hiding, looking a little horrified when she saw Freed's face and was about to even heal him, but we stopped her and reminded her that they're the enemy and that we shouldn't feel bad for people like him. She didn't look convinced, but she seemed to go along with it for now.

I made sure Asia hid somewhere else in case there was a fight and that Raynare was actually stronger than I expected, just to be safe. Thankfully, none of us were really injured that much. Ichi had a few scratches and bruises on him but those are easy to get rid of, and Issei had a couple from when I kicked him out of the way.

I had hoped that he'd awaken his Sacred Gear, but he wasn't pushed enough. Perhaps I should've acted like I was helpless, but even the thought of that disgusted me. If he doesn't unlock it in this fight, I'll orchestrate something with the Yakuza or Akiyama.

As for the morons we beat, they're tired, weakened, out cold, and hidden in a place where the defenses should stop them from being sensed, heard, or seen. The two are stuck there until we deal with the rest, they'll not be able to escape.

If they somehow do get out of there, I'll kill them.

I'm glad that I still get EXP even if I don't actually kill someone. I only leveled up once, sure, but it's something. Four more levels and I max out my first class and take a new one. Still need that Swordsman class knowing we're dealing with Excaliburs soon enough.

Once everyone was healed and a little rested, we headed towards the abandoned church and hid somewhere close by, a tight alleyway between a few buildings that gave us a good view of the Fallen's base. I hate that I can't sense anything there, but I have to deal with it for now and get answers later.

I gave Ichiban and Issei melee weapons, the Golden Bat, and a regular baseball bat because I'm assuming there are a lot more people we need to deal with there. Raynare and Freed are only two of our enemies - the church likely holds a few dozen. A weapon could be handy.

"Alright, Asia, listen," I whisper to her. "Like before, you stay hidden here. Hopefully, we don't need it, but if anyone's injured, they'll come to you. If they shout your name, that means they're not able to and you need to go in there and help."

To be honest, I don't really think we need Asia all that much. With the element of surprise and two of their capable warriors down, we can probably crush them easily, and this is a great chance of maxing out my first class.

I'm sure it'll be fine if I 'accidentally' kill a few of them. I'm just defending myself, after all, killing in self-defense doesn't make you a murderer. Besides, who would care about a handful of stray exorcists and useless, low-ranking Fallen Angels anyway?

I'm doing the world a favor by getting rid of the trash.

"O-okay." The blond nods. "Please be careful, okay?"

"We will be." I give her a confident smile then turn around to the other two. "You two ready?"

"More than ever." Issei smiles, looking far more confident than before. The previous victory must've emboldened him.

"Like the good old days, eh?" Ichiban grinned, the Golden Bat resting on his shoulder. "Reminds me of Kamurocho with that gang we crushed."

"When you think about it, it's kinda the same thing, isn't it?" I note. "Only this time, we're an actual team."

"A real party." He agrees, his grin widening.

"Wait, hold on, you guys crushed a gang before?" Issei questions in shock.

"Yup, should've seen it. Pure chaos." Ichi chuckles, twirling the bat in his hand. "There were like, tens of them and only two of us."

"And you just beat them?" Issei's eyes sparkle in admiration as Ichiban nods in response. "That is so hardcore!"

"We can tell you the whole story later. Like he said, it's pure chaos." I quip. "For now, let's kick those idiots out of our town. I think they've overstayed their welcome."

Giving the blond one last glance, she silently responds with a nod, prompting us to rush out of the alleyway as we circle around the church, trying to find a backdoor or something. We avoid the stained glass to remain discreet as you're able to see through it easily, spotting one of the Fallen patrolling the area near the side, prompting us to immediately back away. It was the loli one, thankfully unaware of our presence.

Fortunately, she's on foot, likely thinking that flight could attract too much attention, which is perfect.

I quietly cast Ice Bullet, blanking its magical presence before aiming at her head. A single shot to the back of her skull is enough to kill her silently. We can drag the body somewhere else so nobody notices.

Ichi looks at me with a frown, then nods. He doesn't like it, but there's no other choice, and he knows that. Knocking her out is way too risky and could alert the others.

As soon as she is away from the stained glass, I shoot her in the back of the head, ending her life instantly and silently as the bullet penetrates her skull. She limply falls down, blood pouring on the ground beneath her.

Level up!

Issei flinches at the sight, then Ichiban puts a hand on his shoulder to calm him down.

"I know it's hard, but try to relax," Ichi whispers, trying to soothe him. "There isn't much we could've done."

Issei takes a moment to register what he said, still staring at the Fallen's corpse, but then nods slowly. He's taking it very well, I'm actually kind of impressed. Nonetheless, I do give him an extra moment to take it in, then I signal for them to get closer.

"Boost me up," I whisper. "We don't have much time until they notice something is off, but I can see some windows up on the walls of the hall - I'll try to get another shot from there. I'll give you a rough estimate of their numbers with a text, and as soon as you see one of them fall, rush them and destroy them. Remember, keep an eye out on that fat guy, he's really tough."

They nod seriously and listen to my orders. With Ichi's strength alongside my own, I'm able to jump very high and grab the ledge of the lower portion of the roof before pulling myself up. I crouch against the wall of the higher, central hall, peeking through the stained-glass window to get a better look.

I see around perhaps forty or fifty exorcists, the two other Fallen, and Ed all inside the place. All of them were disguised in casual outfits, likely to hide from the Yakuza in case they get too close, and they're completely ignorant of what just happened to one of their own, or what's about to happen now. It's almost funny really.

I texted Ichi what I saw, and once he relayed the info to Issei, he gave me a thumbs up. All set.

I aim another bullet at that Ed idiot, silently debating with myself whether I should risk it and shoot him instead of one of the other Fallen Angels, before changing my target. No, I know he's resistant to magic - it's not wise to try a sneak attack on him like that, especially seeing how much HP he has.

I aim at the healthier of the two - the only male Fallen in the group. The other one is still injured and her stats are pretty horrible all around. She's not really a threat at all - I could probably beat her without using any of my ice spells.

And once I take a deep breath.

I shoot.

The man falls down, blood and gray matter splattering on the walls as everyone inside was too shocked to react. However, my allies are quick to respond, shattering the stained glass as they leap through it. The enemy is too disoriented to react, panicking as they try to defend themselves from the two, but it doesn't help when I support Ichiban and Issei by raining down ice spells from above, slaughtering most of the Stray exorcists.

In mere seconds, their numbers were cut down to less than five. Only the big bastard and Kalawarner, who had her back against the wall as she watched the horrific scene unfold before her eyes.

I smirk widely. We got them good~

Level up! X4

[Cryomancy] Class has reached level 100!

Choose a new primary class!

Note: All EXP will be accumulated until you choose a new class

Reaching level 100 awakened the power and trait of your bloodline(s)!

Perks gained

Trait gained

That's a lot of messages. I'll check them out later, once we're done with this fight.

I say 'fight' sarcastically here. It's really just a one-sided massacre.

The church suddenly shakes as I see Ichiban smashing through the wall, sent flying by the fat bastard. Issei tries to drain his energy with Absorption Line, but it does nothing to him. Of course it doesn't, the guy barely has magic as it is!

He grabs the idiot pervert by the throat and slams him to the ground, injuring him severely. My eyes widen as I see his HP hit the double digits, knowing full well that he is nowhere near as tough as Ichiban or even me.

With a click of my tongue, I jump down and rush forward, kicking Ed in the face and forcing him to let go of Issei, pushing him a few steps back. Thinking quickly, I summon an ice wall between us then grab the pervert and support him with my shoulder. He's on the verge of death, and his HP is still dropping. I need to get him to Asia.

Ed easily breaks the wall with a punch, but Ichiban gets back in the fray, smashing his bat on the fat bastard's head as cash suddenly explodes everywhere. Ichi looks at Issei and growls, glaring at Ed angrily.

"I'll hold him off, get Issei back to Asia."

"Got it." I nod, wings of ice forming behind my back. "I'll be back as quickly as I can."

With that, I hold Issei and fly away from the fight, reaching where Asia was hiding in seconds. Asia gasps as she sees the boy out cold and utterly broken, rushing towards him as a ring around her middle finger snaps into existence.

"What happened?!" She questions.

"No time to explain. I need to go back there." I respond. "Take care of him."

My crystal wings flap, creating a small gust of wind as I soar back to the church. I don't even wait to scan the surroundings, simply slamming into Ed as I drag him across the floor of the church and to the outside, smashing the glass and walls of the abandoned building.

He growls in annoyance, seemingly not that hurt at all, before suddenly pulling out a gun out of his pocket, aiming at my head. I tilt my head at the last second, slapping it away before grabbing him with me to fly high in the sky, to divebomb him.

I let go and watch him plummet back down at the church, but with his status sheet open, I see that it didn't do a whole lot of damage. The entire building starts crumbling, but he simply stands up, rolls his neck, and smirks.

"Tough bastard," I mutter, gliding down as Ichiban catches up with me to regroup.

30 Reputation with Goro Majima [50/100]

Huh?

I shake the notification off and put my head back to the game.

Is it me or is he actually tougher than the first time I faced him? No, he definitely is, but how? It is then that I notice a blue glow flicker around his body. What was that? Some sort of a shield? It didn't look like magic, though, and he barely has mana.

"What should we do?" Ichi asks me. "Rest of the enemies probably died when the building fell down on them. He's the only one left."

I was about to pull out the revolver but decided against it. No, I shouldn't use it like this - it's my trump card, and I won't let this asshole force me to use it. Fuck him, Ichi and I can handle it ourselves.

Instead, I take out the Frost Katana I got a while back. Ichi flinches at the sight, looking at me in shock. "How the hell did you do that?"

"We'll talk later." My frown deepens. "Let's focus on taking him down now."

"Y-yeah got it." He swallows with a nod, twirling the Golden Bat. "By the way, what's up with your eyes?"

I pause, my frown turning into one of confusion.

"What?"

I didn't get an answer to that weird question as Ed charges at us, prompting us to take stances before we return the charge. I slash at his torso, but the sword isn't able to even cut his clothes as that blue glow flickers again, stopping my attack in place. Not even the ice power of the blade helped.

Ichi, with his superior strength, is able to at least damage him a bit as he swings the bat at his head, but it's not much as it doesn't even stun him. Ed backhands Ichiban, pushing him back, then grabs me by the neck to lift me up.

His tight grip was choking me, and no matter what I do, he doesn't even wince. Casting ice spells, kicking him in the face, freezing his arm - none of that does shit to him. Even Ichiban wasn't able to do anything as the bastard took all his attacks with a stride, laughing in response.

"To see the light slowly leaving your eyes…" He chuckles as I choke, my face turning red from lack of breath. "This is a sight I've always dreamed of."

"Damn it, let go of her, you bastard!" Ichi screams, throwing his bat to the side as he tries to push him away, but to no avail as he's grabbed by the neck too.

My heart is pounding as tears begin to form at the corners of my eyes, fear settling in as my vision darkens, but I refuse to use the gun. As terrifying as this is, as much as my instincts are screaming at me to save myself, I don't.

Because aside from my dumb pride clashing with my sense of self-preservation, this is the perfect opportunity.

I glance at Ichiban, who has a red aura emanating from him as he growls. His stats increase more and more with every passing second - his right arm engulfed in red energy before he roared, forcing Ed to let go of him as a gauntleted fist connected with his face.

The fat bastard was sent flying back to the destroyed church, and I'm finally able to breathe again as I fall to my knees, coughing and gasping for air. That was way too close, fucking stupid of me to even consider. What even possessed me to do that? What the fuck is wrong with me?

"Oi, are you okay?!" Ichiban crouches next to me, putting a hand on my back. "Take it easy, Akane."

"I-I'm fine," I respond, arms and legs shaking uncontrollably, before Gamer's Mind does its job and calms me down. "Just need a moment."

I glance at the red gauntlet covering his arm up to his elbow, a glowing green gem on the back of his hand. I knew it, I fucking knew it was the Boosted Gear. Makes all of this almost worth it.

Something is pretty different about it, though. It's not the ugly, bulky version I'm familiar with. Instead, it was sleek, actually looking like scales and not a weird, mech-suit-looking gauntlet. Does this mean something specific? Or is it another change in this world?

"So uh…" He backs off as I stand on my feet once again. "What kind of Sacred Gear is this?"

"Longinus Class, Boosted Gear." I give a brief explanation. "It's very strong. Your powers will double every ten seconds."

"BOOST!"

The sudden roar of the Sacred Gear startles us both, then I point at it and nod.

"Yeah, like that."

"You're not kidding. I feel incredible." He says in awe, then a grin splits his face. "With this, that fucker won't stand a chance. Stay here, I'll handle it."

I'll say, I feel very annoyed to be sidelined like this, but as much as I hate to admit it, I won't be able to help much right now. Whatever shield thing this Ed has makes my spells useless, and Ichi with two boosts is far above me in the physical department.

I need to find a way to massively increase my damage output.

"...Careful, boosting takes a lot of stamina," I warn him with an even voice to mask my anger, stepping back. "Finish this as fast as you can."

"Got it."

Ichi walks towards him, grabbing the Golden Bat off the ground as Ed rushes back at him. However, the fat bastard freezes as he sees the gauntlet, and all the blood leaves his face, making him pale.

"T-this isn't possible." He stumbles on his words. "You're the Red Dragon Emperor?!"

"I dunno what that is." Ichi closes the distance in an instant. "But I prefer being a Hero over a Dragon."

Ichi swings the bat, hitting him across the face hard. The blue shield that covered his body shattered instantly, and checking his HP, it went down from 90k to 20k in a single hit. Ed fell over with his eyes rolling back into his skull, consciousness leaving him in less than a second.

Holy fuck.

…That was kinda anticlimactic. I know I told him to end it quickly, but he could've done something cool.

Ichi takes a step back before falling on his knees in exhaustion, letting go of the bat before letting out a deep sigh of relief. Ignoring the minor hiccup at the end, we completely crushed them. We didn't need help from the Yakuza or the Devils.

Just four of us lowly humans.

"How do you feel?" I ask Ichiban as I move towards him, who shakes his head.

"Hungry as all fuck." He says.

"Same." I pat his shoulder. "Come on, let's take him with us and go meet up with Asia. Dinner's on me."

I know the Yakuza are watching this, so to send them a message, I raise my arm up in the air and give them the middle finger. This does get the attention of Ichiban, however, as he looks at me with a confused expression.

"What are you doing?"

"Don't worry about it."

Useless bastards.



(Akiyama)

Watching the battle on screen was… well, eye-opening for one. He knew his niece wasn't exactly the kindest of individuals, but to see her so ready to senselessly slaughter her enemies was pretty horrifying. He didn't really know what to think.

On one hand, it was the logical decision. They weren't powerful or equipped enough to be able to afford to spare every single one of their enemies, clearly not with that Saio Triad officer somehow acquiring advanced anti-magic technology.

But to see her not show even the slightest of emotions as she shot the Fallen girl in the head, not even a flinch or wince as she gazed at her bleeding corpse was one hell of a scene he could never get out of his mind.

He could understand Mizuki's concerns, she's really showing the same exact behavior those people do. Nowhere near as severe - she never grinned or laughed maniacally as she slaughtered them, only smirking in arrogance at worst, but if this kept going, then it would be pretty bad.

Not to mention, she awakened her heritage in the battle. As soon as they ambushed them, Akane's mana sharpened suddenly, and her pupils changed color, turning icy blue. What caused this? Did the adrenaline force it out of its dormant state? Could it be shock, but Akane just knew how to hide it? So many things happened in that fight, like Ichiban's awakening of the Boosted Gear.

So he simply pushed it to the back of his head for now, focusing on the actual battle. Of course, she made too many mistakes - one example being that she was incredibly impatient and quick to irritate.

She's very reckless, too. Had she retreated to regroup then formulated a new plan, they might've defeated the Saio Triad officer with relative ease, but instead, she pulled that dangerous stunt that barely even damaged him.

Of course, unlike him, the Mad Dog absolutely loved it, laughing and cheering for Tatsu's daughter, praising her name to high heaven. Hell, he forced the entire family to sing her praises just for that stunt alone.

However, that joyous moment was cut short as the officer began choking his niece. Akiyama was ready to endure the worst from the Majima Family if it meant he could fly away and assist his niece. He was this close from decking the Mad Dog in the face.

But his rage and worry couldn't be compared to the one tied up behind them.

Half of the underground facility was frozen in ice, although fortunately no one was hurt from the burst of magic. Shun could see his own breath, so could everyone else inside. Every Majima Family Yakuza backed as far away from the enraged mother as they could.

Shun turned around, seeing Mizuki with her head lowered, half of her hair pure white as she stressed the seal over her power. She was doing her utmost best to calm herself down, eyes closed and breathing steady.

The once-powerful seal used to stop her core from generating magic was now all worn out, weakened enough that mere stress is enough to destroy it. Seeing the battle on the giant screen almost did break it, her magic leaking in the process and causing the damage over the facility, but the unexpected ending gave her a moment to calm down before it did.

It clearly left a mark, though. Her magic was slowly returning, and everyone in the room could sense it. Shun didn't know if this was part of the Mad Dog's plan, but this could've ended up with the entirety of Kuoh frozen solid the instant Akane suffered a terrible injury.

However, the chair she was tied on was completely untouched, as were the chains used to tie her up, likely some sort of magical repellent or absorber. To withstand this much magic was impressive, but they all knew that Mizuki could've easily destroyed it if she had broken her seal completely.

"See?" Majima started, pointing at the half-frozen screen. "I told ya she could handle it, and she did better than any of us coulda expected."

"This was not the way to do it, Majima-san," Shun responded with a shake of his head. "Not even an ounce of assistance? One Yakuza to at least lead them?"

"Nah, that ain't gonna work. The girl is a natural-born leader, and she's a prideful one to boot." The Mad Dog waved it off. "Sendin' one of my men to boss 'em around would've pissed them off instead. Havin' them work together like this is better. This is good experience for them, ya see."

"Majima." He dropped the honorifics as he frowned, feeling his blood boiling. "What good is experience if you send her on a suicide mission? What good is experience if Akane had died?"

"She wouldn't have," Majima said with confidence, grinning at the girl who had her middle finger extended. "Someone like her ain't never dyin' like this, no way."

"How can you be so unreasonably sure about this?" He questioned.

"I told ya before, Akiyama." He shrugged. "Those're the eyes of someone who will never allow themselves ta lose. If a gaze could kill, then hers would've frozen the planet ten times over."

Having had enough, Shun grabbed the Mad Dog by his jacket and slammed him against the wall, an uncharacteristic snarl on his face as he glared at the smirking Yakuza Patriarch. Shun's red suit jacket lit on fire as he felt his Sacred Gear stirring, power coursing through his vein when his eyes glowed a fiery orange.

"I don't know what gave you authority to do any of this- To keep a mother from protecting her own daughter," Shun growled, gritting his teeth as he referred to the silent Mizuki, ignoring how every single Yakuza pointed their guns at him. "Don't force your delusional way of thinking onto us. As a guardian, your only job is to cut this stupid bullshit and protect her like you're told to."

"And hinder her potential in the process?" Majima's grin dropped, as did his Kansai accent. "I told you before; shielding her from conflict will do nothing but stunt her growth."

"There won't be growth if she's dead." Shun reiterated. "Look, I understand where you're coming from, but risking her life over assumptions? Thinking this is the only way she could grow?"

"They're not assumptions, they're facts, and both of us know that," Majima responded calmly. "She's like her dad; she grows exponentially under pressure. If one of us was around her, Akane would feel safe, and that stagnates her growth."

"She's not her dad."

"I know." Majima gripped Shun's hand tightly and effortlessly moved him away. "She's better."

He pushed Shun away, quickly reverting back to his Mad Dog persona as he shrugged, addressing the mother of Akane.

"Ya know Akane more than any of us, so ya know what I'm sayin' is true," Majima said. "Ain't that right, Mizuki-chan?"

Mizuki, who was silent the whole time, didn't give him an instant, heated reply like Shun expected her to do. She simply lifted her head up, hair back to what it used to be, and simply responded with the blankest voice he's ever heard her speak in.

"Can I see my daughter now?"

Majima blinked, and Shun didn't quite expect this. Not long ago, she was almost frothing at the mouth, cursing and promising torment. This was the complete opposite. However, Shun could detect the overwhelming rage she's currently feeling.

"Uh, yeah sure." Majima shrugged, waving to one of his men. "Get those chains off her."

"Yes, sir."

The subordinate quickly went behind Mizuki and began 'untying' the chains, using some sort of a strange wrench obviously magical in nature. Majima stepped towards her, seemingly unaware of her current desire to rip him apart, or simply not caring enough. Knowing him, it was the latter.

Majima wasn't even able to get a word in, because as soon as the chains dropped, Mizuki closed the distance in an instant and delivered a blow to his stomach, knocking the wind out of him and sending him smashing into the giant screen.

Mizuki simply blankly stared at him for a few seconds, not caring as guns were aimed at her, but all lowered their weapons when Majima raised his hand, a mixture of chuckling and coughing echoing in the facility.

She then just turned around and walked out of the door, but not before giving a warning that sent a chill down the spine of everyone in the room, even Shun, who's not involved in this at all.

"Majima."

They all froze and stared at her, her voice quiet and even, betraying the sheer overwhelming rage she's feeling.

"If you ever do something like that again."

Mizuki turned her head ever so slightly, eyes glowing blue as the ground under her feet began to freeze.

"I will bury the Tojo Clan."

And then she just left. Her steps could be heard as the entire place was dead silent until it was broken by Majima's sudden laughter.

"What a dangerous combination!" He giggled, wincing as he held his stomach in pain. "Tatsu-chan's tenacity and Mizuki-chan's viciousness. I wonder what Akane-chan will end up like?"

Shun sighed and left, going after Akane's mother. He knows the man means well in his own twisted way, but from the looks of it, they'll never agree on what method to go by.

He just hopes the Mad Dog doesn't take it too far again.
Last edited: Feb 19, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, Astoria_Varanus and 330 others
Mirlnir
Feb 18, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 14: Sweet Rewards
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Mar 2, 2022
Add bookmark
#273
Now that the battle is over, Ichi and I took the fat bastard with us to meet up with Asia and a now-healed Issei before heading to the warehouse where Freed and Raynare are. Those two are still out cold from the looks of it, chained and bound together. Could they break the chains? Maybe, but by the time they wake up, they'd be too weak to do anything.

And unlike me, simply sitting on their asses won't heal their wounds. They need medical attention if they want to make a recovery. They won't be going anywhere, especially not with the four of us back. They're stuck there until one of the Yakuza bastards takes them.

I'd kill them, (for that sweet sweet EXP), but if I do that now, I'd have no excuse. More eyes would be kept on me, more attention that I don't want right now. If this evil nature of my weird assassin bloodline was a known thing in the Yakuza, then showing signs is gonna make them concerned.

It's already a pain in the ass with this new trait I've gotten.

[Sadistic] - Trait

The pain and suffering of others please you. Seeing someone groveling and begging for mercy will always put a smile on your face. Humiliating and hurting your opponents in every way will become a high priority, forcing you to prolong their suffering far more than necessary.

This trait is hard to overcome

It's gonna be a lot harder to keep myself under control with this. I've admittedly had some sadistic tendencies in the past, but I don't think they were worthy of being a trait on their own. This probably means that these tendencies are gonna be a lot, lot worse. I'm already having trouble keeping my anger in check, and this isn't helping.

I wonder, though. What triggered this? My sense of gratification when we crushed those Stray Exorcists? Or was it tied to this new bloodline power I got? I am related to this family of evil assassins after all, and according to my mother, sadism is part of who they are.

Weird. This bloodline power isn't related to them at all. It's my Yokai blood finally awakening. This brings me to this new perk, a very powerful one that'll help me catch up to the real monsters of DxD.

[Bloodline: Yuki No Onna] - Perk

You share the blood of the ambivalent Yuki No Onna, a very powerful and rare Yokai that is hidden from the world. While not pure, her blood runs strong within you, giving you abilities not seen in centuries. Use your powers wisely.

75% of any Ice Damage dealt to you will be converted to MP

Ice Magic Control's requirements for ranking up are cut by 50%

Refining and evolving spells are twice as easy, and you may learn one spell that is one rank above your current level

Ice Magic's effectiveness is increased by 50% and will ignore all resistances and immunities

You are more powerful in colder environments

You can absorb nearby natural snow or ice to increase your stats

This perk is incredible. The defensive and offensive capabilities of this perk, while specific, are amazing. I don't even need to match someone like Serafall in strength to defeat her with this. What's the point if she can barely do any damage to me anyway?

And the sheer increase in potential is insane. A cut by 50% for the requirements on top of that 25% for my Rising Star perk? I'll be able to rank up my Ice Magic Mastery like it's nothing. A single month focused solely on training is probably enough to reach the highest rank.

I also got another related perk that isn't as powerful as this one, but still very good.

[Shin Youjutsu] - Perk

Due to your powerful expression of the blood of a rare Yokai breed, you can inherently use the true form of Youjutsu, a far more powerful version than the false and weak imitation used by the current generation of Yokai.

MP cost of all spells is decreased by 15%

All Pure Magic spells' effectiveness are increased by 25%

Ki or Chi effectiveness is increased by 20%

Your emotions can influence the power of your magic

Certain Masteries will gain a bonus with this perk

This reminded me of the Ancient Youjutsu my mother talked about once, but it's named differently. Is it the same thing or is it something else entirely? She did say that emotions are the main power influence of it, but she never mentioned anything about Ki. Perhaps this is an even stronger variant?

I should ask her when I get the chance and get more info about Ki too. It's wise to have a backup source of power, seeing how some people have anti-magic tech. I knew going for a balanced build was a good idea. Eliminating all weaknesses is what anyone should do before they try to acquire more power. If I'd gone full mage, even if I've gotten a lot more powerful, it wouldn't matter much once I get hit by something like that magic disrupting smoke bomb.

Of course, that's not all the stuff I got. Two more stat milestone perks, a Cryomancy Spellbook, and a Rare Gacha Token. This beginning arc of DxD did more for me in a day than I got from training in safety for a week. I knew that sticking around Kuoh was only gonna accelerate my growth. The more danger I'm in, and the stronger the enemy, the more the levels and quests I'll get.

[Child of Magic] - Perk - 1000 WIS

Strange. Magic seems to look fondly upon your existence and lends its hand when needed, and you in turn enjoy its presence whenever it's around. You've somehow gained the favor of magic itself.

When your MP reaches 0, you will immediately absorb all ambient magic nearby to refill your reserves. Any given area has a finite amount of magic to draw on in this way.

[Intrinsic Knowledge] - Perk - 1000 INT

You know this isn't enough. You recognize that there's something waiting beyond these limiting walls of refinement. Your spells can be stronger, faster, and tougher than before. True temperament awaits.

All spells have their maximum refinement level increased by 5

I really do love the Gamer power. Just that instance of actual battle made me almost twice as strong as I was a day ago. As soon as I go back home, I don't think I'll be sleeping. I'll be in the dungeon all night testing my powers and ranking up my Ice Magic Control. With so many of the requirements being cut, I should rank up in a single night.

Then I can read the spellbooks and practice these new spells. Frost Cloak, Frozen Soldier, and the book I got from the quest, Cold Mist. There's also the Gacha Token I haven't used yet, but I'll do it when I'm training in the dungeon alone.

Honestly, at this point, I'm looking forward to Kokabiel showing himself. If weaklings like those Fallen and their squads of pathetic Stray Exorcists gave me so much, I wonder what a Cadre would do to my growth.

Of course, I'm not the only one who grew stronger. Like I predicted before, awakening a Sacred Gear does in fact increase one's natural power. Ichi went from 300-500 in his physicals to 500-700, least being DEX and most being STR.

It's good to have my close allies become powerful, but it's also a little threatening. Two boosts is enough for him to kill me before I realize what's happening. I know Ichiban would never do anything like that, but I still don't like it.

Perhaps it's just me being prideful, wanting to become the most powerful in our group or 'party' as Ichi likes to call it, or maybe I feel threatened. I honestly don't know. It's a weird, unpleasant feeling. I hate it.

I'll have to fix that. The problem with the Boosted Gear is that without it, the user is not powerful enough to handle actual threats. It makes you reliant on it, likely complacent too, as you only need to work on your stamina to use it to its full potential. Same with Divine Dividing, though that one is trickier to deal with.

If a Boosted Gear user focused on refining their 'base' form, then they could've conquered this world ages ago. Imagine someone like Sirzechs with it? How strong could a monster like him become after five or four boosts?

I glance at Ichiban, who has a satisfied smile on his face as he pats Issei on the back, saying how good of a job we did against the Fallen as they all sit on the ground in a circle, a couple of empty pizza boxes stacked on top of each other in the middle. Issei looks a little shaken up, likely from almost losing his life, but he's relieved. Even though she doesn't understand a lot, Asia looks a little happy too.

What I'm saying is simple. The best way to deal with a Boosted Gear user is to kill them before they get any chance to boost or unleash their Balance Breaker and to do that, I need more physical power. Dodging once is all they need to turn the tides against me, so I mustn't give them any window to do that.

Hell, growing physically is a must. Every 'mage' in DxD is fast enough to outpace regular bullets, and I'm pretty sure Sirzechs and the other Satans are way, way above that. They're the kind of people who'd think said bullets are frozen in time from how slow they are. A slap from them would be enough to turn me into a pile of gore.

I can't do much against that. I can't hit someone that I can't keep up with at all, so I must become as fast and as strong as they are to be able to match them. I have to eradicate every weakness I have so I can live in this world without fear.

I turn my head to the other side, looking at our prisoners. All of them are out cold, so I have no worries about them waking up and trying to escape. Even if they try to, Ichiban and I are more than powerful enough to knock them back on their asses without much effort. And if they're smart enough, they'll know that trying to run is futile. I won't hesitate to slaughter them if they do, because then I'd have an excuse to kill.

"Yo, Akane." Ichi addresses me, prompting me to let out a hum of acknowledgment. "You sure the Yakuza are coming to get them? It's getting kinda late."

"I don't know what's taking them so long," I respond with a shrug. "But it'd be weird of them not to."

"Well, what do we do with them if they don't come?" Issei questions, scratching his head. "I mean, we can't just keep them here, right?"

"Don't worry, I'll handle it if that's the case." I say.

Issei's expression turns into one of worry from the implication but refrains from continuing this line of questioning.

"By the way, there's something I wanted to talk about." Ichiban crosses his legs, looking at me quizzically. "What was that weird power before? You pulled some weird sword out of thin air. How did you do that?"

I still for a few moments, internally debating whether I should lie or tell the truth. I can probably come up with a lie pretty easily, but this wouldn't help at all. He's talking about the inventory, and the inventory isn't exclusive to ice-based weaponry. So saying it's part of my ice magic isn't a wise idea. I'm gonna have to pull more bullshit out of there whenever I'm in a fight at some point.

Telling the truth will save me from explaining later, but I think the Yakuza are listening in on us here. That'll reveal the inventory not just to this group, but the entire Tojo Clan, or at least the higher-ranked members of it.

…Though, what about twisting the truth a little bit?

"It's some weird power I discovered around the same time I was able to use magic," I answer, prompting them to lean in to listen closely. "I can put stuff in it and pull it out whenever I want."

"Woah…" Issei's eyes widen. "That's so useful. What kind of stuff can you put in it?"

"Small things, usually crap that doesn't weigh over 25 Kilograms." I lie. "And I can't put more than three things at a time."

If I can't lie or tell the truth, then half of each should do the trick. The 'appear weak when you are strong' part of that Sun Tzu quote likely extends to certain powers as well. Downplay your strength so people gloss over you and don't give you as much attention as they should.

"Damn, that's a pretty great power to have." Ichi grins. "It's like your very own inventory space!"

I flinch slightly, quickly calming myself down and reminding myself that this moron is a video game addict, it's normal for him to think that way. For a second there I thought he figured out what it was, and that scared the hell out of me.

"Y-yeah. I guess that's true." I clear my throat and try to change the subject. "Anyway, you two can go home. I'll stay here and keep watch."

"You sure?" Ichiban raises a brow. "I don't mind staying late personally. I don't have anything to do, to be honest."

"It's fine, you three go on ahead. You need to rest." I wave it off and smile. "I barely suffered any damage from the battle, and my magic is nowhere near taxing as a Sacred Gear."

"Well, alright." Ichiban relented. "I'd be lying if I said I'm not tired. This Boosted Gear took a lot out of me."

I nod in understanding as both boys stand up, and Issei bows deeply to me. "Thank you for saving my life again."

"It's what I do." A teasing smirk blooms on my face as I say that.

Ichi rolls his eyes and scoffs, but doesn't deny it, while Issei blushes and chuckles nervously, looking away from me.

40 Reputation with Issei Hyoudou [90/100]

Forty in one go? That's pretty amazing. Just a bit and I get a stat increase. What would Issei give? I'm guessing either END or STR. Same with Ichiban actually. Good, physical stats are what I need right now.

I glance at Asia, who looks pretty tired. "Go with them, they'll walk you home. I'll be there in an hour or two."

"Eh?" She blinks in confusion "But who's going to stay with you?"

"It'll be alright," I assure her, patting her head. "Just listen to what I say, okay? You've done well tonight, I think you deserve some rest."

10 Affection with Asia Argento [10/100]

15 Loyalty with Asia Argento [15/100]

"I-if you say so," Asia responds shyly.

I like it when they're obedient.

"Ichiban, Issei, take Asia with you please," I tell the boys, who are about to leave. "Walk her to my house. Here."

I take my keys out of my pocket and throw them at Ichiban, who catches them easily, saying, "Got it. See you tomorrow, Akane."

The three exit the warehouse, leaving me all alone. I turn my head to the unconscious prisoners, eyes narrowing in thought. You know, I don't quite know what Kokabiel is thinking. What does he want exactly? How is killing the Sacred Gear users any help to him? He wants war, that much I remember, but why go about it this way?

Wouldn't targeting me, Haruka or the devil heiresses be a better option? Though pissing off two factions at the same time wouldn't lead to war, it'll just bring about the destruction of the Grigori in its entirety.

I don't get it.

I get out of my seat, taking a half-empty water bottle off the floor as I approach the bound Raynare. Squatting down to her level, I open the bottle and splash her with water, waking her up as she gasps in surprise and shock. She freezes as she sees me, and as soon as she tries to escape, Ice Spears form around me and point at her, stopping her attempt.

"You have nowhere to go," I say blandly. "Settle down, answer my questions truthfully, and I promise I won't hurt you."

30 Obedience with Raynare [30/100]

She nods slowly, nervous sweat mixed with water trailing down her pale face.

"What were you doing in Kuoh?" I question her. "What were you hoping to achieve?"

I know I'm being watched, which is why I'm making sure I don't go too far in this little interrogation. I need answers myself, I refuse to let the Yakuza do anything for me anymore. With their track record, I don't trust them one bit.

"W-we were sent here to kill the two Sacred Gear users in Kuoh." She answers, shaken from my casual warning. "And if possible, get rid of the bodies."

"Why?" I frown. "Wouldn't it be more beneficial if you recruited them? Pretty stupid to just kill them. It doesn't benefit anybody."

"I-I don't know." She stammers. "Those are the orders we were given."

"By whom?"

"Cadre Kokabiel." Raynare answers without hesitation, surprising me a little. "He did not give us context or a reason, and he's known for killing his subordinates if they defy him. I-I couldn't say no."

"I see." So everything is going according to canon for now. "You were basically forced to do his bidding, then."

"Yes." She nods, getting a little more comfortable as the ice weaponry around me dissipates. "If you ask me, I think he wanted to light a spark between the Tojo Clan and the Devils to start another war."

My frown deepens at how cooperative she is. Weird, feels like she wants to help me for some reason.

"And why do you think that?"

"The Grigori can't fight three factions at once, they'll get crushed." Raynare elaborates. "So hoping to gain an advantage, Kokabiel wants the Tojo and Devils to fight, weaken each other before he forces Lord Azazel's hand to swoop in and crush both. Heaven should still be too weak to risk intervening."

"And what makes you think Azazel will listen?"

"There will be a riot if he doesn't." She answers. "There's still animosity between the Devils and the Grigori. With a golden chance to crush them along with the Tojo, all Fallen Angels would be all for it."

Alright, this makes more sense. Still a horrible plan in my opinion. To be honest, I'm the main reason why their shitty plan didn't work since I knew about it. Perhaps it would've gotten complicated if I didn't have my metaknowledge.

"Makes sense," I look her right in the eyes. "Is there any reason why you've been so willing to tell me everything you know? I'm not complaining, but I thought you'd show a little bit of resistance or loyalty to your faction."

A look of anger and hate crosses her face as she growls out a response.

"That bastard sent us on a suicide mission. He knew we'd die here by you or the Devils." A tired, spiteful smirk then took over her face. "So if I'm dying anyway, I'd do anything to fuck him and his stupid plan over. He doesn't deserve my loyalty."

I blink in surprise at her response before an impressed smile takes over my face. Of course that's how she feels, it's to be expected. I know I'd be pissed the fuck off if someone just threw me away like this as if I'm nothing more than garbage.

I'll admit, I am a bit impressed with this show of spite. She didn't wail and cry in despair like she did against Rias in canon, she stood her ground even after acknowledging her fate like this. I've always found this kind of defiance and spite pretty…

Attractive? I think that's the word I'm looking for. I like my boys with a bit of fighting in them.

Maybe Raynare does have a use after all.

"Regardless, you've been pretty helpful." I pat her head with a smug grin, making her scowl. "So the least I can do for you is put a word in with the Tojo Clan. Perhaps the Yakuza will be more lenient with you if I tell them to."

"Huh?" Her scowl drops as she looks at me in shock. "You… You'd do that?"

"Sure. I do feel pretty bad for you after all. Being stuck between a rock and hard place must've been stressful." I really don't. "Who knows, you might eventually be sent back to the Grigori too. I'm sure you miss your home."

50 Reputation with Raynare [20/100]

25 Loyalty with Raynare [-25/100]

"I-I…" She stutters, shocked at my mercy before bowing her head slightly. "Thank you, truly. I'm in your debt."

"Your friends won't get the same treatment, though." I point at Freed and Ed.

"I couldn't care less about them." Raynare scoffs. "I'd be more than happy to kill them myself."

Same.

Just then, the door opens and my mother walks in, hesitating as she sees me. I immediately notice that something is off about her. Her presence is different. It feels… colder, more refined, not as dead and weak as before. Not to mention, while her irises are still as black as charcoal, her pupils changed to light blue instead.

But the biggest and most noticeable change is how the tips of her hair are white now instead of black.

Seeing this change, I use Observe on her, seeing a huge difference compared to the first time I did.

Name: Mizuki Amamiya

Title: Loving Mother

HP – 175,000

MP – 80,000

SP – 55,000

Race – Human

LVL - 264

STR - 1302

END - 930

DEX - 1655

INT – 1342

WIS – 1194

CHA – 931

LUK – 150

Reputation – 100

Affection – 95

Obedience – 50

Loyalty – 100

Thoughts about you – Loves you more than anything in the world. Is a little worried that you might share the sadistic tendencies of her assassin clan, but trusts you completely.

Why and how did she become so fucking strong? What the hell happened to her? Is she okay?

I resist a scowl from appearing on my face as that thought of concern crosses my mind for a split second, quickly forgetting about it. I don't know what she was doing the whole time we were fighting, but a part of me is kinda glad she didn't get involved. It's proof of my strength, I don't need someone holding my hand, even if it's safer that way.

Then, someone else enters the warehouse, someone I don't recognize. A middle-aged man wearing a blue dress shirt and black pants. He looks so… average? Like, someone I'd forget 3 seconds after seeing him I suppose. There's nothing really special about him.

However, using Observe on him to check made that scowl I tried to hide appear anyway as my blood boiled. Oh look, now the fuckers finally show themselves.

Name: Haruki Nishida

Title: Captain of the Majima Family

HP – 54,000

MP – 5000

SP – 25,000

Race – Human

LVL - 135

STR - 545

END - 445

DEX - 501

INT – 1640

WIS – 2051

CHA – 100

LUK – 10

Reputation – 40

Affection – 00

Obedience – 50

Loyalty – -80

Thoughts about you – Oddly admires you even for how little he's seen of you. Thinks you have a bright future ahead of you. Is extremely exasperated about his boss' plans for you and feels very guilty for not helping you

I don't even bother waiting for him to introduce himself as I couldn't control my anger anymore, rushing towards him and smashing my fist into his cheek, sending him crashing into the wall. My mother flinches at this but quickly stops me before I can begin pummeling this moron some more, her newfound strength keeping me away from him.

" Akane, calm down. He's not an enemy-"

"Whose side are they on?!" I scream. "Why the fuck didn't they send any kind of assistance, huh?! Did they hope I'd die there?!"

"Akane, relax. Beating him up won't solve anything." My mother tries to calm me down. "This guy isn't at fault. If you want to beat someone up, I can drag his patriarch here by the ear."

I can feel my strength increasing as I struggle, but seeing the man slowly stand up and bow makes me relax a little. I'm still pissed off, but as Mizuki said, this isn't gonna solve anything. I have to control my anger - I just told myself that this was proof of our strength, that we don't need their help.

Calm down. Anger is a hindrance here. Don't let it control you.

"I'm very, very sorry for what my boss did to you, Mizuki-san, Akane-san!" He apologizes profusely, nursing his cheek. "Oyaji only wants the best for you, but his methods sometimes aren't the best. I hope from the bottom of my heart that you can forgive him!"

My scowl drops as I'm able to take a deep breath through my nose. My anger doesn't evaporate immediately, but I can control myself now. My mother lets me go as I stop my struggle, sighing in relief.

"Don't apologize, Nishida. I know you wouldn't let this happen if it was in your power." Mizuki says. "However, Majima is gonna need to do more if he wants my forgiveness."

"I-I understand." He nods, rubbing his cheek in pain.

"I'm not apologizing," I say, referring to the haymaker I just delivered to him.

"N-no, I understand." He winces at my bluntness, then looks at the prisoners. "I'll take them for questioning now if you don't mind."

Mizuki glares at them and responds evenly. "Go ahead."

Nishida nods and walks towards them as Raynare looks at him, then me in worry. Obviously, she's not intimidated by him, but by which family he comes from. Mother did say that the Majima Family is the most powerful in the Tojo Clan and that their patriarch is batshit crazy. A captain usually means his right-hand man, so seeing this barely superhuman guy makes me question her claims.

He's not that powerful, even I can take him on, but I assume that he's more of an advisor kind. Less brawn, more brain. That's what his mental stats lead me to believe anyway.

He crouches next to the prisoners and pulls a strange device out of his pocket - some sort of a square-shaped, blue and silver device. Nishida sticks it on Freed's body before backing away, and all of a sudden a giant blue bubble appears from the device, encasing all three prisoners inside it. I watch with wide eyes as the bubble floats and snaps out of existence.

What kind of device was that thing?

The captain heads towards the exit, and before he leaves, he turns around and gives us one last respectful bow.

"Thank you so much. Oyaji has a message for you, Akane-san." He says "He says he's looking forward to how strong you can become."

"…Okay?"

"Tell him he can shove that knife up his ass." My mother scowls, surprising me with her aggressive response. "Fuckin' bastard."

"Y-yes, ma'am."

"Wait, before you go." I stop him, making him look at me curiously. "Go easy on the Fallen girl. She kinda didn't have a choice in the matter."

He looks at me for a few seconds, puzzled that I'd ask him that, but he nods anyway. "Of course."

With that, the man leaves me alone with my mother, who looks at me just as puzzled as he was. "What do you mean by that?"

"I talked to her earlier before you two came in," I explain. "She said a Cadre forced her and her squad to go to Kuoh on what she called a 'Suicide Mission' on pain of death, so I felt pretty bad for her. Cadre's name is Kokabiel."

"Of course, it's that Warmonger dipshit." My mother growls then calms herself down as she rubs the bridge of her nose. "Makes sense. I heard there was tension brewing inside the Grigori with Kokabiel being more aggressive in his stance."

"Since when?" I raise a brow. "I thought you stopped being involved ages ago."

"It's been like that for a couple of years, and I do visit the Tojo Clan headquarters now and then, to say hi to Daigo mostly." She shrugs, then a guilty frown takes over her face. "Akane, I'm so sorry for not-"

"Stop." I cut her off. "From the way this Nishida guy apologized, I assume this was outside your ability, and you couldn't help rather than wouldn't. Am I right?"

"Y-yes." She nods, surprised at my assessment. "I saw the battle, but both Akiyama and I couldn't help you."

"Then you have no reason to apologize," I say. "It's these Majima Family assholes that are at fault."

"I…I suppose you're right." She rubs her arm, startled at how quick I am at understanding. "S-still, I just want to say that I promise this will never happen again. I'll always be by your side."

"I ruined your cool moment."

"S-shut up!" She blushes in embarrassment. "You know how tough it was to come up with a shonen-like speech?"

"I like how you didn't even bother to deny that this was your intention."

"Ugh, whatever. As I was saying," She scoffs with a pout before smiling. "I'm very proud of how you handled yourself. A little brutal, but to see you lead your friends so well was very impressive."

"Yeah, I know I'm awesome."

"It wouldn't hurt you to act modestly every now and then."

"I am being modest."

She only gives me an unamused look, prompting me to point out the changes in her appearance.

"By the way, what's up with your hair and eyes?" I tilt my head.

"What's up with yours?" She raises a brow.

I blink in confusion, taking out my phone to see my reflection as I brush the hair obscuring my left eye back. My eyes are red still, but the once black pupils have turned light blue like my mother's. No wonder Issei was looking at me funny earlier. I guess this is part of the visible changes when you awaken the Yuki Onna blood. My hair didn't change, though. Still purely black.

"Huh, this is kinda weird to see. I thought you said my blood wasn't strong enough for this?" I say.

"I never said that, but I won't lie; that's what I thought," Mizuki nods. "Maybe it was the adrenaline from that battle that made it show up."

Well, I know why, but I'm not saying anything, so I just hum in response.

"But it's pretty late to talk about this stuff." She says. "How about we talk about it tomorrow? I can tie it with your magic training too if you'd like."

"Will you explain why you have it too?"

"I will." She nods.

"Then sure, I can wait." I shrug. "I'm kinda tired anyway."

That's a lie of course. I'm willing to wait, but I'm not tired. I'm pretty excited to use my new spells and choose the next class which I've already decided on ages ago. I wonder if I can replicate techniques from games or anime? It should be possible, right? After all, DxD is—or was—an anime world. I have a couple of ideas, and I really hope I'm able to pull at least some of them off.

The look on Ichiban's face would be priceless~


(Shun Akiyama)

He stood atop a pile of rubble, staring at the destroyed church, a cloud of smoke leaving his mouth as he exhaled. He took the lit cigarette and flicked it away as he looked around a little more. He arrived here before the Yakuza to see if there were any survivors, anyone he can at least save.

For questioning of course. While Shun does hate bloodshed, he's not naive and nice enough to save people who tried to kill his niece out of the goodness of his heart. He needs to know what the hell is going on with the Grigori and what could've pushed them to do something so drastic.

Using Suzaku's powers, Shun enhanced his senses to the max, eyes turning into a bright, fiery color. He scanned the empty battlefield, sensing two life forces in the distance, one very weak, and the other extremely powerful.

And far more malicious.

Shun rushed forward, fire exploding from his calves to propel himself. He almost recognized the evil presence, It was so familiar, it's at the tip of his tongue, and yet, it eludes him. What is that? What kind of supernatural creature is it? No, it can't be anything other than a human. It didn't feel like an Angel or a Devil, or anything of that sort. Not one bit.

He arrived almost instantaneously but spotted nobody. This evil and familiar presence had simply vanished as soon as he arrived. What the hell was that? He did sense someone here, but now they're gone. How did they escape so quickly?

Shun looked around and recognized the body of that blue-haired Fallen Angel. Blood poured from her forehead, a look of pure horror etched on her face. She was dead, but it wasn't the church collapsing that killed her.

Shun approached the corpse, crouching beside it to inspect it, grimacing at the bullet-shaped hole in her forehead. Was she what he just sensed? She'd been murdered by someone, that much is clear, likely by the same malicious presence who was just here before he arrived.

Who could it be? A Tojo Clan Yakuza? No, they wouldn't simply leave the corpse like this. They'd take it for examination before sending it back to the Grigori. What would they gain from this? Who could be powerful enough to do all of this without anybody noticing?

This isn't something the Majima Family can handle comfortably on their own. Something of this scale must be reported back to Daigo directly.

Whatever it was, Shun had a horrible feeling about it.

And for once in his life, he hoped he was wrong.

Last edited: Mar 2, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, Astoria_Varanus and 287 others
Mirlnir
Mar 2, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 15: Agreement
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Mar 19, 2022
Add bookmark
#277
Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 110

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Swordmaster - LVL 10/100 [3%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 0/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 3000 [300 per minute]

MP - 10,000 [6000 per minute]

SP - 3000 [300 per minute]

STR - 400

END - 300

DEX - 460

INT - 1000

WIS - 1000

CHA - 390

LUK – 190

The battle gave me more exp than I expected. As soon as I chose the Swordmaster class, I jumped ten levels in an instant from all the accumulated level-ups. Yes, a sword class is pretty basic, but seeing how many magical swords are in this universe, it seems like a safe bet that it will pay off eventually.

Durandal, all the Excalibur pieces, Ascalon, Gram - and so on. Besides that, there are so, so many sword skills across the multiverse compared to other weapons, a few I could even possibly recreate. Realistically, a spear class is probably much better as it gives you a reach advantage, but when people can shoot fire or ice out of their hands, reach doesn't really matter all that much.

Other than that, while I can probably get one easily, I don't have a spear in my inventory, but I do have a fire sword and an ice sword. One thing I noticed is that the Mastery Skill doesn't specify what kind of sword. A zweihander can't be used as a cutlass, for example, they require different skills, but for this? It means 'sword' in a general sense. So if I train exclusively using a katana and reach Master level in the Mastery Skill, I'll also be able to use a shortsword just as well. The wording of the skill is pretty literal in this case.

[Sword Proficiency: Adept] – Mastery Skill

Swords have been the common choice for a weapon in many different worlds. Hundreds of arts and variations were created for this weapon, making it one of the most versatile and flexible ever conceived.

You've become fairly proficient, nothing to write home about, but all around decent

Deal 75,000 Damage with Swords and create 3 Sword Skills to reach the next Rank. Progress to Journeyman Rank [24,052/75,000] [3/3]

I discovered that this was the case after using both my ice and fire swords. One was a katana and the other was a greatsword. Both dealt an extraordinary amount of damage with my 400 STR, and adding my DEX for attack speed, I was doing around 15k damage per second. That's pretty good.

Of course, my magic is a fuckton stronger. A single ice spear deals more damage than that. With how many magic buffs I have, I can probably reach 100k per second using my bullets. Perhaps I should make a minigun-esque spell if that's the case.

But I focused on training my sword fighting for those two hours in the dungeon. Reaching from Novice to Adept with a two hours time limit was admittedly tough, but I got through it. I think I'm gonna leave practicing my unarmed proficiency with my uncle, or my mother if I manage to convince her. A supposedly accomplished assassin like her must know a few martial art styles.

The next day after the battle, I woke up pretty early, at 4 AM just so I can see what these new spells I got from the spellbook can do, and what I'll be getting from the Gacha. First, the spells are Frozen Soldier, Frost Cloak, and Cold Mist.

Frozen Soldier is exactly as the name suggests. I can create a construct made of ice to fight for myself. It's not really tough on its own, having stats a bit above the weaker Fallen I defeated, even after refining the spell to a high level, but I can make multiple. If quality is off the table, then quantity is the way to go.

The skill specifies that I can only create one Frozen Soldier every 50 WIS I have, so with my current power, I can make twenty at a time. That is a lot of minions for a beginner like me. The skill also says that this is a very advanced branch of Cryomancy - the ability to make minions like this - which is just a boost to my ego. What's even better is that every time an ice minion deals damage, it counts as me doing it. This means I can train and practice my ice magic by letting them do all the work for me. This is so busted, I'm so glad I chose Cryomancer as a starter class.

I wanted to evolve the spell, perhaps make a Frozen Archer for more variety or something, but that's incredibly tough even with how many Cryomancy buffs I have. I put it aside for now and focused on my other two spells.

Frost Cloak is similar to the one you see in Skyrim. A shroud of extremely cold wind surrounds me, hurting and slowing down anyone that gets close. However, if I use Release Aura while it's active, the range of the cloak increases dramatically. From one meter to ten instead.

Finally, Cold Mist. As the name suggests, I unleash a wave of very cold mist that lowers the stamina regeneration of my enemies while also decreasing their ice resistance by 10% at the highest refinement level. That'll be a tricky weapon to defend against once I'm skilled in hiding my mana.

Then, we get to the Rare Gacha token, which came in the form of a Capsule Container.

[Super Aphrodisiac Pills] - Item

A Container holding multiple highly aphrodisiac pills that can temporarily drive anyone mad with lust for hours, increasing their stamina tenfold

Will permanently boost the consumer's sex drive the first time it's used. Use with caution

Currently holding 20 pills

I don't even know what I'm supposed to do with this, but to come out of a Rare Gacha must mean that it's very powerful. It has 'super' in the name for a reason. Really though, what am I supposed to use this for? And why?

Whatever it's used for, I'm not gonna just throw it away. Not like I have a finite space in my inventory. It can stay there until the end of time, or something drives me to use it for some reason. I hope it doesn't come to that.

I wonder how strong the permanent boost is. With my admittedly low libido, it might actually be a good thing.

I peek over the mini fortress I made, watching my turrets and soldiers massacring the zombies with ease. A single soldier is strong enough to overpower more than ten zombie knights, a handful of them are able to take on the paladin, and with the support from my turrets, the zombies don't stand a chance.

Of course, seeing that I've already completed the dungeon, this isn't really giving me anything other than skill exp, but it feels awesome to see how far I came in such a short amount of time. I was barely strong enough to defeat a Paladin a week ago, and the lich required the Get Fucked Revolver for me to defeat.

Now? I can finish this whole thing in my sleep. Literally.

It's about time I leave. I have hand-to-hand lessons soon and school soon.

…Eeh I'll skip school today. I don't feel like it.

It's funny how I actually still bother with it. At this point, it's just a formality or taking solace in whatever normalcy remaining in my life.

But let's be honest though. Normal lives are so boring.



(Sona)

When the Yakuza Princess came to Kuoh, Sona did expect some sort of a shift or change in her and Rias' lives in the human world. Perhaps check-ins with the Yakuza would be more common, tension being overall heavier, or just mere competition in school with these two. They're very bright after all.

She did not expect, however, that some other faction would dare attack the same exact week as these two's arrival, aiming to assassinate Amamiya. She certainly didn't expect said girl would fight the assassin and actually hold them off until help arrives.

And most importantly, she did not expect an entire battle to take place the next day. Sona didn't know if these girls brought a curse with them or it's all a coincidence, but she doesn't appreciate how fate seems to like messing with her. This whole ordeal only brought her a head-splitting migraine.

Why does this keep happening? She's barely able to handle Rias being unreasonably naive and impulsive, herself walking on eggshells around the two new girls, and now there are assassins and an entire damned faction wanting to wage war?

Sona was this close to asking Sera to just pull her out of Kuoh, but she wasn't a quitter, and there would be no one left to take care of Rias' self-destructive tendencies. Yes, she enjoys her heiress duties and even politics sometimes, but she was here to relax and get away from devil politics damn it, cut her some slack.

She and Rias sensed a battle involving Akane Amamiya from campus and immediately headed over to investigate. They didn't want to involve themselves until they were absolutely sure they should, so the two sent scouts to get closer and see what was going on.

Koneko and Momo returned pretty quickly, thankfully untouched, and revealed that the battle was already over the moment they arrived. Akane Amamiya alongside Ichiban Kasuga managed to defeat a squad of Fallen Angels, Stray Exorcist, and that Saio Triad, officer.

Rias wanted to go after them to question them, but Sona stopped her. Asking them right now when they were just high on adrenaline might not be such a great idea. They're likely tired and not patient for questioning, so asking them the next day after they rest is their best option.

Even then, Rias' record in dealing with foreign political figures did not fill her with confidence. Sona wanted to avoid screwing this up at all cost, they'd already done enough damage, but not enough to completely ruin their relationship. She could still salvage this.

To do this, Sona had to make a very bold move. It was her only choice, especially after Rias' fuck up last time.

She glanced at the Amamiya household with her usual stern gaze, and with a deep breath, Sona pressed the doorbell, waiting for someone to answer the door.

No hiding, no asking for the girl to come to her, no subtle tailing - Sona instead headed towards her home directly, to show that she's come in peace, that she means no harm. Yes, this also meant that nobody from her peerage was following her from a distance to protect her either. She was well and truly alone.

She didn't want much either in all honesty. Sona simply needed to know the details of what had happened. Kuoh wasn't truly the devils' territory, that much was true, but what would it mean if they simply ignored a threat like this? Sona had a responsibility, and she'd be damned if she didn't take care of this place, she's the Sitri Heiress for Lucifer's sake!

So she'd get whatever information that could be useful to her. Fortify the barriers around Kuoh, perhaps ask for better sensory seals or the like from her sister. She must make this town safe for her and everyone else, and to do that, she must be able to predict and expect possible enemies and prepare for them before they arrive.

Sona blinked as the door opened, revealing a very beautiful older woman with shoulder-length black hair with white tips and black eyes with icy blue pupils. She recognized the woman as Akane's mother, Mizuki Amamiya. Admittedly, this was the first time she's seen the woman this close in person, but the resemblance to her daughter is very obvious. Her features seem a bit softer than Akane's though.

Mizuki's eyes sharpened as they landed on her, and Sona noticed how the air got significantly colder as a result. She had expected the animosity, but to not even bother hiding made it feel a little harder to remain calm.

"Greetings, Mrs. Amamiya." Sona bowed politely. "It's nice to finally meet you in person."

"The hell d'ya want?" She questioned with a thick kansai accent, completely disregarding her attempt at being nice.

"May I please speak to your daughter?" In return, Sona ignored the rudeness and didn't even falter, even as the air felt colder with every passing second. "I'd like to discuss what had occurred last night."

"No," Mizuki responded bluntly. "Now piss off."

That went well. Sona thought, lips thinning.

"Please, I only want to-"

The human woman closed the door a little too forcefully, making the Devil Heiress flinch. Sona sighed, not particularly angry about this blatant disrespect as she understood the woman's hatred to her kind, but she had hoped that she'd at least show a bit of restraint. Aside from the incident being the fault of the old faction, Sona was just a toddler at the time.

However, she wouldn't give up. This was very important, and she's well within her right to ask for details. If Akane herself told her to go away, then so be it.

Sona pushed the doorbell once more, and with her devil senses, she heard the annoyed click of the tongue from the woman, who opened the door again, this time with a scowl on her face.

"I told ya ta go away. Get it through yer thick skull already." Mizuki said rudely. "You ain't welcome here or in this town for that matter."

"Please, Mrs. Amamiya. I just want to speak to your daughter.," Sona insisted politely.

The woman's face twitched at that, and now Sona is beginning to see her own breath from how cold it was. She only barely managed to resist a shiver, remaining stern and courageous. Of course, she was incredibly nervous, but now wasn't the time to show weakness.

"I wish to speak to Akane regarding what happened last night," Sona repeated. "That is all."

"How many fuckin' times do I gotta say this?" She growled. "Piss. Off. Before I do something both of us regret."

Sona barely managed to bite down a response she would regret, her devil pride acting up once again, but she's used to dealing with it. Instead, she merely nodded politely.

"Very well." Sona relented. "Apologies for bothering you. Please relay the message to your daughter."

Sona had a hard time keeping her composure. While she was sure that Akane's mother won't simply attack her, being in such a murderous presence made her hair stand on end. Due to being in a safe environment most of her life, Sona was never trained to handle this kind of pressure. It frightened her, but showing any weakness is what this woman wanted.

"Alright, that's enough." Another voice joined, stopping the devil heiress from leaving.

Akane pulled her mother's attention away from Sona for a few seconds, enough time for her to sigh in relief, but she wouldn't do that. Akane glanced at Mizuki with an unamused expression, then back at Sona with a curious one.

Her eyes looked different. She shared her mother's blue pupils, but the last time they met, she didn't have them.

Strange. Sona thought. What happened to cause this change?

"I was just about to make her leave," Mizuki said.

"It's in their right to ask, Kaa-san. I know you don't like devils in general, but don't do anything dumb." Akane said, showing impressive self-restraint. "I'll talk to her."

"But-"

"It'll be fine, I can handle myself." Akane waved her mother's concerns away easily. "Follow me."

Sona nodded, giving Mizuki a genuine parting bow before following Akane. She didn't wait for a response from the older woman, happy that she was not in the presence of someone who hates her existence.



"Are you sure we should be talking here?" Sona questioned, looking around the packed cafe. "I don't mean any offense. It's a nice place, but-"

"It belongs to the Majima Family." Akane clarified. "Most people here are aware. Nobody will be listening in on us."

So it was the Majima Family. She thought she recognized the eye-patch-wearing Yakuza. So that man was the legendary Goro Majima, known as the Mad Dog of Shimano? Daigo seriously sent his most powerful family here?

She heard stories about the man, and by extension, the family, from Serafall. She'd never seen her sister look so disturbed when talking about someone, saying how genuinely unhinged and borderline insane he was, although apparently not without his own strange sense of honor.

After Tatsu Amamiya lost his life, Goro Majima became the clan's ace, due to his sheer resourcefulness, and power rivaling that of an upper Satan class devil. Sona was worried when her sister outright stated that she didn't know if she could beat him in a fight.

And they were being watched by that man the whole time?

Sure, Serafall. No pressure at all.

"Here's your order." The waitress came back holding a tray. "One hot chocolate and one flat white."

"Thank you." Sona smiled back politely.

"Of course. Tell me if you need anything else."

With that, she left the two alone.

"I'm guessing you want my part of the story?" Akane started.

"Yes, that'd be appreciated." Sona nodded, getting back on topic. "If you wish to keep it to yourself, I understand that completely. However, I truly do want to help keep this town safe. Any information could be of use to me."

"Calm down, I get it. You're too nervous." Akane sighed, making Sona wince. Was it that obvious? She still has ways to go if that's the case. "I'll tell you everything I know. Like I said before, it's within your right to ask and know."

"Thank you." Sona nodded. "You don't seem to share your mother's animosity towards us. Is there a reason for that?"

"I'm guessing it has to do with my father? Why my mother is pissed, I mean." Akane questioned, prompting Sona to confirm her suspicions with a nod. "Thought as much. I don't know, normally I'd be angry, but I barely remember anything about him. It happened too long ago."

"Yet your mother still hates us," Sona noted. "And you don't."

"She's surprisingly delicate and emotional under all that tough act. She can hold grudges for a long time." Akane answered. "She likely understands that you had nothing to do with it, she's not that unreasonable. She'll mellow out if you talk to her enough, just give her time."

"I assumed you were the one with anger problems."

"Who do you think I got them from?" She smiled in amusement.

Sona smiled back, feeling more at ease as the tension slowly evaporated. Alright, this proved that while she didn't trust them, Akane didn't hate them either. Good, that was very good. The situation was more than salvageable.

"But we're getting off-topic." Akane said. "I'll start from the beginning. You don't mind, right?"

"That'd be for the best." Sona agreed. "Please, go ahead."

"Well, as you know, it started with that Saio Triad officer attacking me…"

With that, Akane began explaining everything that had happened. Sona listened intently, inwardly extremely glad that the girl was actually okay with working with them. It felt like something was finally going her way for once, and all she felt was relief. Said relief quickly turned into worry as she heard who issued the order.

The Fallen Angels' main goal was sparking a war between the Yakuza and Devils, which would have been nothing short of disastrous for the two factions. The Devils were still weakened from their civil war, and would not survive another war immediately after. They hadn't recovered enough to afford a new one.

To think they attacked a Sacred Gear user would mean that they hoped the Yakuza, still near hostile with Devils, would assume that they forcefully reincarnated people before dragging them to the underworld, ultimately enslaving them.

Enslaving. This was a word that every single Yakuza absolutely despised with every fiber of their being. They hated the word, and the act more so. Perhaps it was their humanity, but even they absolutely refused to partake in such things. How ironic, a faction usually known for their trafficking of people for the regular human civilian was actually fully against it.

This would've definitely started a war.

Not to mention; Akane already snatched the two Sacred Gear wielders before she and Rias could even offer a place in their peerages. Sona wasn't sure if it was on purpose that Akane did it to stop them, or it was simply a side effect of her interfering first.

Rias wouldn't be happy about this.

"I don't understand," Sona said. "Why would Cadre Kokabiel do this? What does he hope to gain from it?"

"I asked the Fallen the same question. According to her, Kokabiel only wants war and glory." Akane answered. "Devils and the Tojo Clan will weaken each other, and the winner will be destroyed by the Fallen, basically taking all the spoils without any effort."

"I see. Yes, that would make sense." Sona nodded, a hand on her chin. "Something of this scale must be reported back to Lady Leviathan and Lord Lucifer."

"And Azazel too. If one of his strongest men suddenly decided to go rogue, he should be informed to stop it from going too far." Akane agreed. "The Fallen I had a talk with is already taken to the Tojo Clan headquarters."

"Then I suppose there shouldn't be anything to worry about." Sona sighed. "If the leaders of three factions are willing to cooperate, then this issue should be resolved quickly."

"Doubt it," Akane said, surprising her. "Something just feels pretty off about this."

Sona frowned, leaning forward as she was interested in hearing her thoughts. "What do you mean?"

"We're talking about someone who lived for what, thousands of years?" Akane recalled. "He's too experienced, he probably expected an outcome like this, meaning he's probably hiding in a place where nobody can find him."

"And you think it'll work out for him?" Sona questioned.

"Probably. Ever wondered why you couldn't sense the Fallen or Stray Exorcists?" She pointed out, making Sona's eyes widen. "Exactly. They had some weird power or artifact that completely masked their presence. Kokabiel probably has the same."

"Then you believe he'll strike again?"

"More than likely, yeah." Akane nodded. "I don't know when, but he's probably gonna try again at some point."

"But why would he? Remember, once Lord Azazel is aware of this, then sparking a war between the Tojo and the Devils will be impossible." The Devil Heiress said. "Why would he risk his life over a main objective that is rendered moot?"

"That's the part I'm not sure about." Akane leaned back with a sigh. "This is why it feels off. A key piece of info is missing. Kokabiel didn't tell his subordinates anything worthwhile. We're on the right track, but still in the dark. It's pretty frustrating."

Sona had to agree. There was something missing, something wrong about all of this. With this discussion, she wasn't sure if her sister or Rias' brother would be much help. They couldn't interfere directly in Kuoh unless Daigo gave them permission.

And without their help, a Cadre wasn't something they could handle, especially not a General like Kokabiel. If he decided to attack, all they could do is hide and let the adults deal with it. He was a Satan-class threat for a reason.

First the Riser issue, and now this. Just as she thought things would finally go her way, life decided to throw her for a loop for no reason. At least Akane was willing to cooperate.

Good with the bad, Sona. She thought with a grimace, feeling the incoming migraine. Good with the bad…

"Well, there isn't anything we can do. A threat of that level is far above what I and Rias can handle, and I expect the same could be said for you. No offense of course." Sona said. "I believe this should be left to the leaders of our respective factions-"

"Fuck no." Akane scoffed, cutting her off vulgarly.

"Pardon?"

"Tell them? Sure, that I don't mind, but I refuse to let the adults do anything, especially after their fuck up last night." She elaborated with a venomous tone. "I don't trust my own bodyguards, and I certainly don't trust your sister or that Lucifer guy."

"What are you implying here?" Sona frowned.

"What I'm saying is simple. If we want to keep this town safe-" Akane leaned forward. "Then we'll do it ourselves."

"And how do you plan to defend Kuoh from a Cadre?" The Devil Heiress questioned, internally thinking that this girl was either arrogant or crazy. "If you had even a tiny bit of trouble defeating a handful of low tier Fallen Angels alongside a weaker squad of Stray Exorcists, what makes you think you're capable of facing off against Kokabiel?"

"You're right, as of now, I stand no chance against him." She smirked. "But two things: I have three Sacred Gear users by my side, one of them with a Longnius, and we have time."

"Time?" Sona parroted.

"We don't know when Kokabiel is attacking, but if he's half the experienced general he is, then he won't make any move towards Kuoh any time soon. Especially not when the Yakuza are on high alert." Akane explained. "So I'll use the time we still have to train until I'm strong enough to beat him. It's as simple as that."

"And you think it'll be enough?" Her frown deepened, still unconvinced.

"Who knows?" The Yakuza Princess shrugged. "At worst, we aren't able to close the gap, but we could at least be useful. At best, one of us is able to crush him on her own."

"We? Us?" Sona blinked. "You mean to include me as well?"

"Your peerage and the Gremory's as well," Akane confirmed. "I'm not gonna sugarcoat it. I don't trust you lot, but I know you're not against me. And the enemy of my enemy-"

"-is my friend." Sona finished the sentence and nodded. "I understand. Multiple Sacred Gear users and two peerages - even if incomplete - is a relatively formidable defense force."

Not to mention, Rias' Power of Destruction, her own flexible Water Magic, and Akane's incredibly powerful Ice Magic combined should result in a very powerful trio. If they spend weeks or even months practicing their powers, then maybe this might not be so impossible after all.

Sona never had a lot of time to actually train her powers. In fact, she stopped practicing entirely after she became 12 years old, instead, she focused more on the political side of Devil Society. Devils don't usually train, so no one tried to motivate her to do so, not even her sister.

As for Rias, well, she was pretty lazy. Unlike Sona, Rias is pretty interested in Rating Games matches and wanted to build the strongest team to one day usurp the throne of the most powerful since she was young, but she never trained or worked hard.

Even now with the marriage getting close, she kept procrastinating to continue her life here and looked for Sacred Gear users instead of focusing on herself. After all, if the King is too weak, then what's the point? Because if she's down, then she loses the match.

Sona tried to warn her, and so did her brother, but she refused to listen, utterly convinced that finding new candidates to fill her peerage is what'll save her.

"Ultimately, we're in this together. We either learn how to work with one another, or we die." Akane said bluntly. "If you don't want to train, then fine. Not gonna force you."

"No, I'd be happy to." The Sitri Heiress smiled. "Perhaps you're right. We won't grow if we let the leaders hold our hands through every conflict. It's about time we took action and started punching above our weight."

"Good. That's what I like to hear." Her smirk widened. "I thought I'd need to do more to convince you, but I guess I underestimated you a bit. I'm impressed to see you so onboard like this."

"So am I." Sona reflected the praise. "I didn't expect you'd come to a logical conclusion so quickly. This is a quality many devils would be envious of."

"I'm not joining your peerage, Senpai." Akane caught on and joked. "I'm happy with my humanity, thanks."

"I have no idea what you're talking about." Sona acted ignorantly, but she knew Akane wasn't buying it.

And would you look at that? Now they're on joking terms from a single uninterrupted conversation. Rias needs to take notes.

If Sona had to admit, though, she didn't expect Akane to be so reasonable and agreeable. At first, she always thought twice about what she had to say before actually saying it, but throughout the conversation, Sona became more comfortable. She expected hostility and intense distrust from the girl, only to be pleasantly surprised by this.

She was glad to see the girl genuinely trying to be supportive. Perhaps it was a possible enemy of Kokabiel's caliber that made them get closer, or Rias not being here to fuck this up made the situation better, but regardless, Sona was nothing short of relieved.

Maybe this was what she needed to get close to Akane. Honest, one-on-one conversation. No one to stand guard nearby, no one that would interrupt them. Once she was more comfortable with her, Rias could join in as well. If anything, Rias was a good conversationalist, as long as she didn't speak about politics.

"Well, this has been an insightful exchange," Sona said, standing from her seat. "Thank you for sharing the information, Akane. You don't mind if we do this again, do you?"

"As I said before, we have to work together if we wanna protect this place."

"I meant in general." She shook her head. "I had a pleasant time, regardless of the situation at hand. I'd love to have a more light-hearted conversation with you sometime later."

Akane blinked and shrugged. "I don't mind. I had fun too."

"I'm glad." Sona giggled. "I'll be going now. I'll see you tomorrow, and thank you for the coffee."

With that pleasant last exchange, Sona left the cafe, feeling much better than when she first entered. She was glad that most of her assumptions about Akane were wrong. She took a risk coming alone, but it thankfully paid off.

Like Rias, this is fairly uncharted territory for her- being generally close to a faction that looks down on her, so having a productive conversation that ended up being beneficial to both sides felt pretty damn good.

Perhaps it was unlike her to be childish, but Sona couldn't wait to see the jealousy on Rias' face.


(Akane)

Maybe I was being a little harsh on Sona.

I knew the devils would eventually ask me about what the hell happened assuming they didn't witness the whole battle, but I genuinely didn't expect Sona to have the balls to knock on the door of my house. Alone as far as I know. I couldn't sense anyone nearby, and I like to think that I'm skilled enough to be able to spot Sona's peerage.

At first, I didn't want to tell her anything, but after the battle, I had some time to think. The 'Kokabiel Arc' wasn't anything special from what I remember - he got killed immediately by Vali, who isn't anything special compared to the Satans, but there is no way this is true here. We're talking about a Cadre, a high-ranking member of the Grigori. If Cadres were that weak, then it'd take a fucking miracle for them, to survive the two other factions, much less match them in strength.

Also, this version of Kokabiel probably has stronger allies. How do you explain how he got his hands on those artifacts that hid his minions' energies? Not to mention, he's willing to go behind Azazel's back and try to start a war. This is either stupidity at its purest, which I doubt, or he's very confident.

If so, then why is he this confident? The plan I stopped wasn't perfect by any means - it's outright horrible for not even having a backup. Someone as old as Kokabiel making amateur mistakes just doesn't make sense to me. If anything, it feels like he doesn't give a fuck if this plan of his failed, nor is he worried that we'd find out that he's the culprit.

Which is why I'm willing to get help from the devils. Sona and Rias aren't particularly evil, nor are they selfish enough to stab me in the back, and unlike the Yakuza, they want to get close to me. Build some kind of a relationship for political connections.

Meaning they should be a lot more willing to help out when things go south. I don't know what's going on in the head of this patriarch that's supposed to guard me, but I've decided that I'd rather trust Sona than him.

And I need all the help I can get. We're not dealing with just Kokabiel here. There's probably someone else even more dangerous on his side. Khaos Brigade, Old Satans, or maybe someone unknown. There are too many possibilities, and even with my growth, I'd rather have allies.

It's not too much trouble. I wanted to lend a hand to the devils around the time Rias gets desperate with Riser, but pushing that plan forward a bit wouldn't be too bad. Riser should show up soon anyway, which would kick off the whole one week training.

Was it one week? I don't remember.

I'm not really sure how I'd be able to help Rias, though. I'll be honest, I'm kinda tempted to just abandon her to her fate. It'd be pretty funny to see her forced into a loveless marriage, but alas, I want some connections to Sirzechs.

The sacrifices I have to make. How horrible.

As for Sona, well, she's nice to talk to I suppose. Maybe because most of my interactions with her had Rias involved, I unconsciously lumped them together, but without the redhead's presence there, I felt far less annoyed. I wasn't lying when I said I enjoyed my time, and she wasn't either.

Sona Sitri Reputation Level [35/100]

She's significantly harder to increase rep with than most others, but I'm getting there.

…If I abandon Rias, would Sona return to the underworld with her or stay here? Because if it's the former, then helping the bimbo feels a little more worth it.

"You sealed your own powers?" I raise a brow, looking at my mother in confusion as we walk into the warehouse. "Why would you do that?"

"Two reasons. First, I had to because I was pregnant with you." She said. "And because we're related to a Yuki-Onna, our emotions can affect our power. So every time I felt even a tiny bit stressed, there was a possibility that my magic would leak into you and endanger your life. And pregnancy is painfully stressful."

"Avoid things that stress you out then." I blink, still not convinced. "That's what I do."

"No, you beat whatever stresses you out black and blue." She calls me out with a frown.

"It works."

"For you." She huffs, then an arrogant smirk splits her face. "As for the second reason, well, not to brag but I kinda had too much magic at the time."

"How is that a reason?" My frown of confusion deepens.

"What can I say?" She chuckles. "I was too strong, they had to nerf me. I know you don't see it that way, but your mother is pretty badass. You're lucky, eh?"

"Bullshit."

"I'm serious! Why can't you ever believe me when I say these things?!" The grown ass woman pouts childishly. "I can be cool sometimes too, y'know!"

I look at her, completely unamused because I know this isn't the whole story. She shifts awkwardly under my glare, and eventually, her tough front breaks down and she explains the real reason why.

"O-okay, maybe I was kinda…" She scratches her cheek and fidgets, the next sentence coming out a lot quieter. "um, terrible at controlling my magic."

"And there it is."

"W-well, I did have too much power, I didn't lie about that. You believe me right?"

"Definitely."

"I'm not lying!" Mizuki whines as we arrive. "I'm serious! Even Tatsu was afraid of me sometimes, and he wasn't scared of anything."

"You two always had a weird relationship."

All I remember is my mother either cooing over him or yelling at him for doing something batshit insane. Those were her two moods when my father was involved. Loving and angry. I think she did the former a lot more though.

It's crazy how different my parents are. An ex-assassin turned housewife and a socially stunted yakuza patriarch. How did they even get together?

"Life itself is pretty weird." Mizuki nods sagely. "You never know who will be your life partner. It could even be your worst enemy."

"That's weirdly specific."

"No, it's not. Getting married is one of life's greatest achievements." She smiles, opening the door to the warehouse. "For me at least."

"That's not what I was referring to-" I cut myself off and shake my head. "You know what, nevermind."

As we enter the place, I take less than a moment to look at my surroundings. Issei was in a headlock by Ichiban, getting choked as he desperately tried to break free. Futile effort though- Ichiban is way more powerful in the physical department. Unless Issei uses his Sacred Gear, he's stuck.

"Oh, you're here," Akiyama says as he spots us. "A little later than usual."

"I had to talk to Sitri about what happened," I explain simply. "Told her what she needed to know. That's all."

"That so?" He nods, glancing at my frowning mother before back at me. "Well, you didn't miss much. We just started fifteen minutes ago."

He then turns to the boys. "Oi, that's enough."

Ichiban lets go of Issei, who starts coughing and gasping, finally able to breathe. Ichi extends a hand towards Issei and pulls him back to his feet, patting him on the shoulder reassuringly.

"Sorry for going hard on you."

"N-nah, it's fine." Issei waves it off. "I can take it."

"What were they doing anyway?" I ask. "I don't think they're gonna benefit a lot if they fight like this."

"Ah, I was just checking what they need to work on specifically." He waves it off.

"And what do you think?" Mizuki asks.

"Well, Ichiban seems decently experienced in grappling and martial arts in general. Physically, he's incredible for a boy his age. However, his potential for magic is almost nonexistent." Akiyama answers. "He's fine with it, though, saying something about Akane being the DPS anyway."

"Ha! Nerd!" Mizuki giggles childishly.

"Oi, I heard that!" Ichiban yells from the back as he approaches us with Issei.

You know, I suddenly don't like him being a video game nerd. It's kinda unnerving considering the power I wield.

"And Issei?" I cross my arms.

"He's… less impressive. Fighting skills are poor and his physique is average." My uncle says honestly. "To be fair, he probably never expected his life to turn out that way, and I feel like he has potential to be strong. I think all he needs is some time to adjust to this new life."

I don't think someone like Issei will have time to adjust, especially with a much weaker Sacred Gear than his original counterpart. He's not gonna grow fast enough to handle DxD's bullshit, and the only things that carried him in canon were his Boosted Gear and the sudden IQ drop of his enemies when they got close to him.

Only way I can see him catching up quickly is by giving him the other pieces of Vritra's Gear. All of them together will make him a notable threat. One of his abilities is a 'lol no' button. Nullification powers are always OP.

Where am I supposed to get the other parts though? I think Azazel has them, but how can I convince him to give them to me?

"By the way, Akane-chan." My uncle sighs. "I'm very sorry for not being able to help you at that time. I know I promised to protect you but-"

"Don't worry about it, she told me everything." I point at my mother who nods. "You're forgiven."

"Is that so? Well, that's good." He clears his throat. "Anyway, now that you're here, wanna start?"

Quest added

[Training with Shun Akiyama #2] - Quest

Objective: Impress Shun Akiyama

Bonus Objective: Stay on your feet for more than five minutes straight

Rewards: 10 STR, 10 DEX, Increase Affection with Shun Akiyama, Minor EXP to [Unarmed Combat Proficiency]

Bonus Reward: 15 STR, 15 DEX, Increase Affection with Shun Akiyama, Moderate EXP to [Unarmed Combat Proficiency]

This is gonna be a tough one, isn't it?

"Ready when you are," I respond.

Well, I'll figure it out later. We're still at the starting stages, no use in rushing.

I hope the warmonger takes his sweet time before he attacks, and I hope the Yakuza do their fucking jobs for once when he does.

I'm not counting on it.



(Daigo)

He expected something like this would happen. It felt all too damn quiet recently, and quiet means bad news. He predicted that these attacks would continue happening for the foreseeable future, and as for why, well, that's simple.

Some people just don't want peace, and seeing that the peace treaty happening soon wasn't exactly hidden from the public, it must've caused some spark that led to this. He wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't only Kokabiel he was dealing with at the moment. The Cadre was most likely conspiring with others who shared his ideals.

This was definitely predictable for Daigo, likely for the other leaders as well, but he didn't expect this opposing faction to be so bold and reckless with their actions. This only made him wonder what to expect from them. If they have someone of Kokabiel's caliber, who isn't bothered if his identity was leaked at all, then who else could they have supporting them?

When would they attack again? Who would they target this time? Would Kokabiel be responsible again, or would it be someone else?

Whatever the case, they would have to be more vigilant than this.

"Mine." He said, prompting his captain to straighten his posture. "I want a report detailing exactly what happened in Kuoh."

"As you wish." His captain nodded. "Anything else?"

"What's Majima's status?"

Mine remained silent, making Daigo grimace.

"Oh for crying out loud…" Daigo sighed in exasperation. "What the hell did he do this time?"

"I believe we should pull him out of Kuoh, Daigo-san," Mine said bluntly, making the sixth chairman wince. "Nishikiyama or Saejima would be willing to take his place."

"That bad?" Daigo rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Don't bother pulling him out, but have Saejima… 'assist' him from a distance. He's the only one who can handle him."

"Of course." Mine nodded. "What should we do with the prisoners? We've already sent the Fallen back to the Grigori on the Amamiya girl's word."

Daigo took a moment to think before answering. "Did you discover why their energy levels are untraced?"

"We did," Mine confirmed. "Chips planted inside their ears, tech surpassing our own by decades. It's currently being dismantled and researched."

Daigo almost flinched but managed to keep his cool. Technology better than theirs? He'd been warned and told about this before by the fourth chairman. A specific faction that almost never interacts with the world, hidden away never to be found by anyone. They were so dangerous, even his mentor was wary of them.

And they always casually one-upped the Tojo Clan and Omi Alliance when it came to technology.

The family of assassins Mizuki came from.

Even Mizuki herself told him to stay the fuck away from them. She never spoke about them at all, only vague warnings that genuinely made him worried. He had tried to have her open up, but a simple 'they're listening' made him quickly shut his mouth.

However, what he knew was that they didn't concern themselves with other factions at all, but if that was the case, how did these lowlives acquire these? They said they were given those chips.

This is not good. What was their goal? Did they also want to prevent peace? They were assassins, so presumably, peace was damaging for them, but then again, they had never instigated a war when there was peace, so what gives?

"Kill them. Painfully." Daigo ordered coldly. "A Saio Triad member and a serial rapist don't deserve mercy."

Whatever that they wanted, protecting Kuoh until the peace talks were over was gonna be tough.

This wasn't the last Daigo would see of them.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, Spooks451 and 287 others
Mirlnir
Mar 19, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 16: Feeling Pretty Involved
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 2, 2022
Add bookmark
#290
— Akane —

A week has passed since I had that talk with Sona, and everything has been relatively quiet. I either trained with my uncle, practiced my magic and sword mastery in the dungeons, or worked on my Engineering skill. It's been relatively difficult to rank up my skills since the zombies are too weak to withstand the full brunt of my attacks, so I've been limited in that regard.

I'm now at Journeyman rank in both sword proficiency and ice magic, and to reach the next rank which is Expert, it's gonna take me approximately two weeks of intensive training in the zombie dungeon for each. I need to unlock the next one, but I'm not exactly sure how I'm supposed to level up. I have to kill something or activate a quest that specifically gives me EXP.

Leveling up Engineer doesn't give primary levels, which is what's needed to unlock the new dungeon, so that doesn't help. It does give stats though, so I'm not complaining. It's pretty hard to level up compared to Cryomancy when I first started at least. I've just reached level 7 in a week.

What was I leveling it up on? Well, the safest thing I could get my hands on. Dozens of different Pocket Circuit cars, where I'd dismantle and rebuild them over and over. What is Pocket Circuit you might ask? It's a children's car racing game that somehow got popular with adults. You customize a tiny car and let it race against other cars.

That's it. That's the game.

It's not very impressive when you think about it that way, but it got popular for a reason. Ichi introduced it to me when I met him in Kamurocho, and we spent most of our time butting heads to see who's the fastest in town.

It's me of course, but that's because I'm rich as fuck. These things are weirdly expensive. Like, '500,000 yen a model' kind of expensive. I became unbeatable by buying my way to victory every time, and I regret none of it. It was pretty funny seeing every opponent look at me with disdain. I'd do it again if I get the chance.

I like being unapologetically rich.

Back to the subject: I leveled up my engineering like this, and managed to rank up by making the equivalent of a chimera from the different car parts I got. Pretty sure that's not how you're supposed to build a Pocket Circuit car. I used integral parts that aren't supposed to come off to make new cars. I didn't know if it would work at first, but it doesn't hurt to try.

Ichi would either cry in terror or fanboy if he saw this abomination right now.

All I have to do now is keep doing this and work my way up the scale of whatever machine I want to make. Dismantling and rebuilding help my understanding of the basic structure and function of a machine; the problem is finding things to dismantle and rebuild.

It also got old real quick. I have to find something else soon.

I can buy actual cars and work on them instead. I don't know if working on bigger, more complicated things would give me more EXP, but I'm betting it will. Wouldn't make sense otherwise, I think.

Try explaining that to my mother. 'Oops, sorry Kaa-san, but I reaaaaallly wanted that Ferrari I saw on a show once. Just think of it as compensation for all the times you got piss drunk and missed my birthday you alcoholic bitch.'

I stop sketching in my notebook and frown in confusion. Huh, where did that come from?

"Holy shit, who made that?" Ichiban mutters as he leans towards my desk, immediately noticing the highly detailed sketch of a mech suit. "That is awesome! Isn't anything I've ever seen before, though. Is it from an anime?"

"It's my own design. Not like I have anything better to do," I shrug. "Maybe it's just me, but I know most of the things they're trying to teach here. I don't even know why I bother coming to school anymore."

Seriously, what the hell am I doing here anyway? I already established that I don't even need or want any normalcy. Honestly, being in school isn't needed to look over the town if I want to protect it. Yeah, sure, it's in the middle Kuoh, but who cares? My house is close, I can stay there and practice magic or some shit instead.

Also, who cares about formality? People already see me as a delinquent here, even if some of them are still using that same fucking 'Princess Knight' title they love so much. I swear to god, I'm breaking someone's legs if I hear it again.

I mean, not like the Devils would care if I just skipped school. I don't think they care about school either, they're just here to play human or something. For the life of me, I can't comprehend it. Why do you want to be a human? And a boring one no less.

…Hey, Game? Mind giving me a reason to stay here?

Quest added

[Top of the Class] - Quest

Objective: Get 100% in all subjects for the first semester

Rewards: 75 INT, 75 WIS, 75 CHA, Greatly increase reputation with Sona Sitri, Increase reputation with Kuoh Academy, 1 Rare Gacha Token, [Diligent Student] Title

I blink and stare in surprise as the Game actually responds. Wow, okay. Thanks.

Huh, those aren't bad at all. 75 x 2 equals 150, and that's a lot. Not counting the possible skills I might be getting from actually trying.

Fuck it, this is pretty motivating.

"Pass the time? This is literally leagues above what our art teacher can do, and you did this to 'pass the time'," He takes the notebook to inspect the drawing up close. "Goddamn, this is next level shit."

"Yeah, I know."

"Actually, if we're being serious here, I've never seen you be 'bad' at something," He says, going through the pages. "Every time you pick something up, you're immediately great at it. Is it some kind of a superpower?"

"What can I say? I'm just that great. Keep the praise coming please."

"It's kinda scary actually," He ignores my humble response to his compliment. "Why don't you draw this good in art class though?"

"Don't want to hurt the teacher's ego. I'm nice like that," I say simply, taking the notebook back. "You wanted anything, or just here to gawk at my impeccable drawing skills?"

"Oh right. Guess what I got us?" He grins. "Tickets for the new MCU movie!"

As he says that, he takes out five tickets from his pocket, putting them on my desk. I blink and glance at the tickets before staring back at him.

"Why five tickets?" I raise a brow.

"Well, there's you, me, Issei, Haruka, and Asia," He answers.

"You know, you could've just gotten two for you and me only," I smirk. "I wouldn't have said no to a date with you."

Personally, I don't really want to go. I'd rather work on my engineering skill or practice some ice magic, but fucking around for an hour or two isn't that bad, is it? The possible REP bonuses I'd be getting are pretty tempting after all. Ichi needs just a few more points before I unlock his affection.

Though, it's pret~ty obvious that he has a crush on me. Flirting is hilariously effective on a guy like him, who has barely had affection given to him in general, much less from a hot girl like me.

It's cute.

"Yeah, well, I would've," He smirks, completely unfazed.

"Bullshit."

"Nah, totally would've said no."

"We both know that's not true. Even you aren't resistant to my charm. Admit it."

"Get over yourself, you're not even my type."

"Oh don't worry-" I lean closer and quickly whisper the next part before anyone in the classroom notices how close I am to his face. "I can fix that."

He visibly shivers, looking at me with a red face and a conflicted expression. He tries to muster some bravado and make an equally bold response, but all that comes out were stammers and stutters, which were all the more hilarious and adorable.

1 Reputation with Ichiban Kasuga [96/100]

No matter how hard he tries, he won't beat me at my own game. He's too innocent to even pose a challenge. But I suppose credit where credit's due: he's learning how to handle it now. Guess that just means I'm gonna have to step it up.

"As considerate and nice as this is, have you asked anyone beforehand?" I question, acting as if the past few seconds didn't happen. "They could be busy, Ichi. You could have wasted money."

He pauses and blinks at the abrupt change in the subject before responding. "U-uh, no, not really."

"Of course you didn't," I sigh. "Well, good for you, I don't really have anything to do, even though I'm not the biggest fan of Marvel."

"But I thought you liked their movies?"

"Yeah, the old ones, like the original Spiderman," I say, brushing my hair back. "I'm not saying they're bad, but the newer ones aren't doing it for me. Even the comics are a convoluted mess, feels like the writers don't know what the fuck they're doing. I'd rather stick to anime and manga, to be honest."

"I mean, that's fair, but I can recommend a few issues if you're interested."

"I'm good, thanks," I decline his offer. "So you used the money I gave you?"

"Yeah, thought I'd do something nice for all of us with it," He answers. "Seriously, a hundred grand is a lot. Thanks a bunch."

"Not a dent on my wallet."

"Yeah, you're rich, I get it," He scoffs. "You don't even bother to try to at least act a little humble."

"Being humble is basically lying politely," I shoot back.

"What kind of skewed perception is that?" He questions in bemusement. "Being humble means you don't have an inflated sense of self-importance."

"But I am important," I raise a brow. "I'm the daughter of a Yakuza Legend, I basically command the Tojo Clan, and even the Devils don't want to mess with me."

He looks at me with an exasperated frown before sighing tiredly. "I give up. I'm not gonna bother arguing. You're probably just trying to fuck with me."

"Wow, really?" I roll my eyes sarcastically. "What gave you that idea?"

"You're a bitch sometimes, you know that?"

"Yeah, sorry, that was mean. You want some cash to make up for it?"

"Oh piss off."

My response to that is a simple smug grin thrown his way, making him click his tongue in annoyance.

I said it before, Ichi. You can never win against me in this game.


—Mizuki—

"Any reason we couldn't do this back at the warehouse?" She tilted her head quizzically, looking at Akiyama's gaze as he sat at the opposite side. "I mean, the cafe is nice, but you said you had some news."

"I just like the vibe," He shrugged. "Makes me feel better knowing this is owned by the Majima Family. That's all."

Mizuki, who was still rightfully bitter and annoyed, scoffed. "What makes you think that lunatic won't jump out the window and wildly swing his knife at you?"

"I'm not Kiryu-san," He responded in amusement, prompting the woman to smile slightly. "Though, knowing him, he'd just pay it no mind and accept the duel like always."

"Fine, I'll give you that," She rolled her eyes. "I'm still mad at him. He does that crap again and I'm killing everyone at the Tojo Clan headquarters."

"Yeah, yeah…"

As pleasant as this little conversation was, Mizuki can easily spot the tense atmosphere around them. To his credit, Akiyama was one hell of an actor- if she didn't know him, she might've not noticed anything weird at all, and it ain't easy to fool a trained assassin, even one who quit over a decade ago.

Not like that mattered. For all the power she sealed, Mizuki's skills never dulled. She could grab a kitchen knife or a wooden sword and her body would remember how to fight as well as she did twenty years ago. Yay for being born for the sole purpose of killing other people. Those fucking lunatics would do anything to eradicate weaknesses, no matter how heinous or insane the method was.

Regardless, her friend looked a bit worried, almost hesitant really. Mizuki didn't want to push him to say anything and opted for him to gather his bearings first, patiently sipping from her tea and gazing at the crowds from the window.

"I went to the Tojo Clan HQ recently, and had a talk with Daigo-san," Akiyama suddenly said, prompting her to look at him. "I have good news, and very bad news."

Mizuki's expression fell, frowning worriedly. "Let's start with the good news."

"Saejima-san has been appointed as Kuoh's shadow overseer," He answered. "He'll be here in case Majima-san pulls another stunt like that."

"Oh wow, actual good news," Mizuki blinked in surprise. "Well, now I can at least rest easy knowing that moron won't go too far again. Haven't seen him in years though. Maybe I should get him a gift?"

"The bad news," Akiyama cleared his throat

"A-ah, right, sorry," She chuckled sheepishly. "Go on, please."

He hesitated for a moment before he decided to spit it out, and Mizuki wished he stayed quiet.

"We have solid evidence that your old family is related to the recent incident with Fallen invaders."

Any mirth and calmness she felt evaporated in an instant, her fist reflexively clenched and her blood froze.

"What?" She whispered.

"We don't know what their goal is, but it's more than likely that they're involved," Akiyama reiterated. "They've found energy suppressor tech surpassing the Yakuza's by decades with them."

She remained silent, a pit forming in her stomach.

"Admittedly, I suspected that this might be the case, but I didn't have enough info," He continued. "After Akane's battle with the invaders was over, I went to investigate, looking for any survivors, and sensed someone with a similar energy signature to yours. I thought I was imagining things, but I clearly wasn't."

"Did you see who it was?" Mizuki questioned, feeling a horrible chill go down her spine.

"Afraid not," He shook his head with a sigh. "Mizuki-san, I know you don't like talking about it, but I need you to help me with this. We need to know more about them, to see if they're a possible threat to Kuoh."

She calmed herself down as her friend asked that, understanding where he was coming from, but then again, she made a deal with the current leader, to be left alone as long as she stayed quiet, and if anything, he was at least honorable enough to keep his part.

He was never as bad as the rest but wasn't better by much either. Still a merciless, sadistic, and egotistical monster, one she was happy to cut her ties with, but one who actually showed mercy to her at some point. Even after so long, Mizuki did not know if it was a spur-of-the-moment kind of deal, or he showed compassion for her due to their blood relation.

And she would've been okay with that. A part of her wanted to forget all about it, live her life with her daughter in peace, but of course, that couldn't happen. It could never happen, she was delusional to think otherwise.

Because he said he'd leave her alone.

Not her daughter.

And if that was the case? Then fuck his stupid deal.

"If it's who I think it is-" Mizuki muttered quietly. "Then he's likely here for Akane."

Fuck him if he was listening.

Akiyama's eyes widened, not expecting her to actually answer. "How so?"

"Due to her blood and latent potential," She muttered. "They're traditional, they value blood and strength above all else. To them, Akane is a part of their clan, so they want to 'reclaim' her."

Fuck living in fear of them knocking on her door.

"Anything else?"

As she was about to answer, Mizuki felt another chill, one so much worse than the previous time. Her instincts screamed and begged her to run, but she remained stuck in her seat. She turned her head to the window, and amidst the crowd, she saw him.

Wearing all black, the chairman glared at her behind his shades with a disapproving face, prompting her to frown at him. Her heart was pounding- she knew what his reaction would be the moment she spoke about it, but, if anything, this was confirmation that she was right.

These bastards were here for her daughter.

With anger fueling her, Mizuki fearlessly continued telling her friend what to expect as she stared down at her twin brother's threatening glare.

"They love to work in silence, in the dark where no one could ever notice," She said. "They view anonymity as a powerful weapon, so they value it. If the Yakuza focus on improving their detection tech, they'll never be able to set foot here."

She would've been fine staying quiet about it, but to interfere in her daughter's life was one thing Mizuki would never, ever forgive, no matter who it was. She didn't care what they could do to her, because she swore to never let those bastards lay a finger on Akane.

So fuck the deal, fuck her shit brother, and fuck the Amon Clan.


— Akane —

"Next time, I'm picking the movie," I say as we walk down the hallway of the school.

"We haven't even seen it yet," Ichiban argues. "Can we judge after we're done?"

"Yeah, but I'm getting kinda sick of superhero movies," I shrug. "So what about the others?"

"Issei's down for it. Haruka said she's busy."

"This is why you ask before you buy a ticket, dumbass," I scold, making him rub his neck sheepishly.

"Yeah, sorry. That's my bad," He apologizes. "But maybe Mizuki-san is free? She likes superheroes right?"

"You're lucky that she does," I respond as we stop by the shoe lockers. "Knowing her, she already watched it, though."

"Huh? How?"

"Pirating."

"Of course, why am I even surprised," He sighs as he opens his locker. "You're literally two of the richest people in the world, how are you so damned stingy?"

"Don't you know? Most rich people are greedy bastards," I smirk. "We're no different, but unlike them, we don't pretend that we are."

"At least you're honest."

"I hate lies."

It's funny how true that is, and yet, I never feel guilty whenever I lie. At least, not until I woke up with those stat pages filling my vision. Does that make me a hypocrite? Probably. Do I care?

Heh, no.

"By the way, how's your training coming along?" I ask curiously.

"Pretty good, actually," He answers positively, replacing his shoe. "It's intense, but it's so easy to notice the changes. Feel like I can run an entire marathon without getting tired right now. Working out with at least one Boost active is insanely good for stamina."

He's not lying. Since the fight, his stamina nearly doubled from all the exercising and training he's been doing with Akiyama, and knowing him, he probably trains solo as well. This is good, but it's a bit worrying too.

Good because he's much closer to obtaining the Scale Mail, which makes him strong enough for whenever actual threats show up, like Kokabiel or that dickhead Vali, and bad because I don't want him surpassing me for too long.

My own physical exercise doesn't give stats or exp anymore. Training by myself or with my uncle only increases my hand-to-hand, which isn't enough. Right now, I'm stuck trying to refind my magic, and while that gives me a considerable boost in offence, it's not good enough.

I'm scratching the surface of Expert Rank in my Ice Magic Mastery, but how's that gonna help when my stats are so laughably weak that a single slap from a moderately powerful person can knock me out?

Endurance. I need more endurance. I don't want to be a glass cannon.

"How about you?"

"Okay-ish, I guess," I make a so-so gesture with my hand. "Feels like I've been slowing down recently. I've gotten the hang of my magic pretty easily, but I don't know where to go from there."

"Maybe making new spells could help?" He offers.

"That's what I've been doing," I sigh as I tie my shoes. "Doesn't feel good enough though."

"How about sparring?" He tries again as he leans on the lockers. "I mean, you only really spar with Akiyama, but maybe try someone else? Someone at your level, y'know."

"...Like you?" I raise a brow.

"Hey, if you're offering," he shrugs. "Though, you better get ready to have your ass handed to you."

"Bold claim, but I doubt you can back it up," I scoff playfully. "I'll knock you out in 30 seconds flat."

"Oh, you are so on," He grins. "After the movie, at the warehouse. Whoever loses gets to pay for dinner, and the winner gets to choose what restaurant."

"I am going to empty your wallet," I say darkly. "That hundred grand is gonna go 'poof'."

"We'll see about that."

Quest added

[Currents Too Great to Overcome]

Objective: Defeat Ichiban Kasuga in a sparring match

Bonus Objective: Knock out Ichiban Kasuga in 30 seconds

Rewards: +50 to all stats, Moderate EXP, unlock affection for Ichiban Kasuga, 1 Epic Gacha Token, 2500 Credits

Bonus Rewards: +100 to all stats, Massive EXP, Greatly increase affection with Ichiban Kasuga, Legendary Gacha Token, [Forever a Leader] Perk, 5000 Credits

I am going to kick his ass. Gotta plan from now, though. He's above me in the physical department, but I might be able to use some trickery to knock him out immediately. I have a variety and intelligence advantage, and he has to get close to me to land a hit.

Hell, with how insanely powerful my Ice Magic is, one good hit on his head with a blunt spell could instantly knock him out as long as he doesn't go overboard with boosts. Once he goes over three boosts, though, I lose. So to actually finish the quest, I must do the bonus objective.

This is doable. I might actually get my first ever Legendary Token this soon.

"Amamiya-san," Another voice stops as we're about to leave the building. "Mind if I have a minute?"

We turn around and see Sona, prompting Ichiban to tense at her presence. Right, he did say he had a bad run-in with devils, forgot to ask him about that. I poke him on the side and get to him to look at me.

"Wait for me at the theatres."

"What? But I can't let you stay here alone with them."

"Just go," I say. "I can handle this."

He looks between me and Sona, a bothered look on his face before he reluctantly listens to me and nods. "See you there."

With that, he leaves, and Sona speaks up as soon as he is out of view. "He looks nervous around me."

"Bad history with devils. Don't mind him," I wave it off casually. "So what's up?"

"I have a favor to ask."

I frown. "And that is?"

After a moment of silence, Sona sighs, looking as if she doesn't believe what she's about to say.

"Help me convince Rias to take her training seriously."

"...I'm sorry, what?" I blink, taken off guard. "You want me to convince her to 'train'? I thought you already had it covered."

"Lucifer, I wish I had," she mutters. "Rias has a bit of a problem concerning her work ethic. It's always been the case since we were little. I've already made a schedule for my peerage and hers, but she still refuses to listen."

"Well, okay, but how the hell am I supposed to help?" I raise a brow. "If you can't do it, how can I?"

"Because you fascinate her. To her, you're a celebrity. A Yakuza princess with Yokai Blood in her veins is rarer than unicorns, and those are extinct," Oh hey, mother said that too. "Even a half-hearted attempt from you might have her apprehension and laziness crumbling. She doesn't want to look bad in front of you."

"I mean, sure, but if she doesn't want to take this seriously, then maybe she shouldn't be here in the first place," I say bluntly, making Sona wince. "Come on, she had you asking me for help. That's enough to say something at least."

"I-I understand that, but could you please try to convince her at least?"

She tries to hide it, but the crack in the stern mask she always wears is pretty obvious. She's desperate.

"I dunno…" I decide to fuck with her a bit. "I'd rather use my time for myself. I'm not her biggest fan."

"I'll be in your debt," She bows a little.

Very desperate.

"You know, you're oddly persistent," I note. "Is there something I'm missing or…?"

After a few seconds, Sona sighs again. "For years, Rias has been trying to get out of an arranged marriage with Riser Phenex."

"...Okay?"

"Short story is that she's running out of time, only two more weeks left, and all she managed to accomplish in the past few years is convincing her father to cancel it if she defeats Riser in a Rating Game," Sona explains something I know already. "Unfortunately, as of now, Rias has no chance of winning against him. He has a full peerage and is very experienced."

"If she has no chance of winning even after years, what makes you think two weeks is enough to change that?"

"Because her potential is vast, but she always refuses to take it seriously!" Sona responds in frustration. "She's put it in her mind that Riser is some unbeatable devil that she can only defeat via a powerful peerage. I've told her time and time again that the only way to get out of this loveless marriage is to train. Just a month or two would be enough to wipe out Riser and his peerage on her own!"

Sona notices her outburst and quickly calms herself down, clearing her throat. "I-I'm sorry, that was… very unprofessional of me."

"I don't mind. Must be annoying, from the looks of it."

5 Reputation with Sona Sitri [40/100]

"It is," She nods. "I can't ask you directly for help because it's an internal issue, but I want to at least give Rias a fighting chance. Please, Akane. I don't want my friend to be forced into a loveless marriage."

"I don't really know how I could even help." I shrug, being honest. "I'm at your level, your age. How am I supposed to get her to become stronger in just two weeks? I've only just gotten the hang of my own magic."

Sona winces but doesn't verbally answer. Even she doesn't know. This is next level kind of desperate. It's not every day you see someone willing to go so far for a friend. It's almost heartwarming really.

Almost.

"Ugh, how sure are you that she's gonna even listen to me?" I fake a sigh. "She might ignore me too."

"Then I can at least say we've all done our best," Sona says, almost sounding defeated. "It'll be her own problem to deal with."

You know, this is actually good timing to start off the whole Riser arc. Sure, couldn't do much with Engineer class, but I did say I needed some level-ups and stats, and when killing isn't an option, Quests are what I need for that.

I got a quest to get good grades and to beat Ichi in a fight, put 'save Rias' on top of it should lead to very substantial growth in power. This could be my own 'training' in a way, seeing the good ol' reliable ways of pumping iron aren't doing it for me anymore.

Already got over the fact that I'm gonna have to help the redhead bitch of all people, so I can't complain anymore. Though, if even Sona is that desperate for help, then that could also mean a lot of REP points with her as well, and as I said before, she's kinda pleasant, weirdly enough.

And to add the cherry on top, I don't even have to do any kind of fighting myself. Don't get me wrong, there's a certain sense of satisfaction that can only be felt via beating the living fuck out of somebody, but when this somebody has superpowers, you tend to be a little more careful.

Unlike street fights, I imagine death is very common in magical duels and Rating Games.

"Alright," I sigh, faking my reluctance. "I won't promise anything, but I'll try to help."

15 Reputation with Sona Sitri [55/100]

"Oh thank you so much!" Sona uncharacteristically beams at me. "I'll pay you back, I promise."

"Right, I guess she's in that creepy old school building?" I point in the general direction, prompting her to nod. "Okay, let's go."

"I still have a few things I must do before that, but do go on ahead," She says. "I'll be right behind you, just a few minutes and I'll be done."

"If you say so…"

"Thank you again, Akane," Sona gives me a thankful smile and nods before heading her way.

Well, now to suffer through having to appeal to that bitch.

Though to be honest, being viewed as a celeb by anyone feels pretty nice.


— Rias —

She thought her week couldn't get any worse than that, but fate decided to take it upon itself to prove her wrong and ruin it further. Rias was a few inconveniences away from erasing somebody, and the smug bastard sitting on her couch looked like a very good target.

First, she gets a message from her father trying to convince her to go back and forget her ideas (read: freedom), which made her mood worsen considerably for a few days, then the botched meeting with one of the Yakuza girls, Sona gloating how she managed to fix her 'mistake', realizing that she fully missed THREE Sacred Gear users, one of them having a Lucifer damned LONGINUS, and now this idiot wants to start a fight with her or something.

This is what the 'observation' lesson her brother taught her resulted in. Rias was so close to turning the tides of the upcoming Rating Game, but because she thought observing and not immediately acting would've been the wiser choice, she missed her last chance. It was her only hope.

Training wouldn't have helped- she refused to believe that it would. How is she able to beat someone who can just easily regenerate from everything she could throw at him? Riser was virtually unbeatable, the only thing that can defeat him is some holy power or a powerful Sacred Gear.

And she has none.

Thank you for holding her back from making a decision, Sona, you stuck-up bitch.

Riser raised a brow as he sat opposite of her, his queen sitting right beside him. "You seem to be in a bad mood. Came at a bad time?"

"No, no, everything is just dandy," Rias replied with an obviously fake smile.

She wanted nothing but to end his miserable life right here and now, but even she knows the consequences of doing such a thing. She didn't want to begin a civil war, definitely not with the Phenex Clan. They were too valuable, them defecting or becoming hostile with the New Devil Faction would be disastrous.

Even pissing him off too much could have repercussions, albeit on a much smaller scale, like canceling the Rating Game as he's the one who decided to humor her anyway, but what wouldn't she do to wipe that smirk off his face. Seeing the cause of her decade-long torment so content with himself made her blood boil.

"I know you don't like me," He smirked in amusement. "But that teacup was innocent."

Rias glanced down at the cup in her hand, realizing that she accidentally erased half of it along with its content as her magic leaked. Yubelluna giggled in amusement as Rias cleared her throat and put the remains on the table in front of her, looking at Riser seriously.

"What do you want?" She started neutrally, barely able to contain her anger.

"Relax, I only came in to check up on my Fiancee and the state of her peerage," He answered casually before eyeing her friends, not looking one bit impressed. "No new members, barely growing in strength, and I'm guessing that Dhampir is still locked in his room? You know, Rias, if you wanted to beat me, you're not making a good case for yourself."

"That's none of your business," Rias responded scathingly.

"Oh but it is~" His arrogant smirk widened. "After all, you want to escape, aren't you? Strange, as much as you seem to hate me, you're not even trying. It's been years, Rias. Literal years, and you didn't make any progress. Why's that?"

Rias clenched her fist tightly, not able to form an argument. Oh, she knew full well why that is. It's because her idiot father decided that she wasn't great enough, so he tried and succeeded in sabotaging her attempts at recruiting any Sacred Gear users she might find, or anyone worth her time really.

She almost couldn't believe that her own father would rather help the Phenex than his own flesh and blood. It felt like getting stabbed in the heart, and it made her depressed for months. Rias refused to even talk to him or her mother, who she suspected might've been in on it as well.

Sirzechs knew, but he couldn't quite help her in that regard. Even if he's the current Lucifer, he must respect Lord Gremory and his own father. Throwing accusations with no proof could damage his reputation after all, and a good rep is very important for a leader of the devils.

On top of all that, she hated when her brother and Sona tried to convince her to drop her search to focus on herself and the current members. It wouldn't work, how the hell would it? Kiba's swords can't damage Riser, Koneko's strength and martial arts wouldn't do jack shit either, and while Akeno's Thunder could damage him, it's not enough.

And when Rias challenged Riser to a duel once upon a time, her Power of Destruction was quickly extinguished by his fire or redirected by his wind. He's a counter to everything, she can't touch him, and that bastard always knew that.

He knew and always subtly mocked her for it, implying that she's doomed to fail, that she'll never surpass him or find strong enough peerage members to defeat him. His voice would play in her head over and over again, telling her that she was weak and useless.

She hated it.

She hated him because he was right.

"You know, I took time to think about it. Why aren't you trying?" He leaned back, scratching his chin in thought. "First, I thought that you might be arrogant, which is fair enough, we are devils after all, but that did not seem like it. You look troubled whenever the subject is brought up. Perhaps you were unlucky? No, that didn't quite make sense either. Luck has nothing to do with practicing your magic or anything of that sort."

"If you have nothing important to say, then leave," Rias growled.

"And then finally, it dawned on me," Riser ignored her. "You must have some defeat fetish, don't you?"

Rias stood up, eyes wide and pupils shrinking as she snarled, barely stopping herself from leaping at him and tearing his throat out. Her Power of Destruction began disintegrating the couch she was sitting on, a red and black aura swirling around her body as her knuckles turned white from how hard she clenched.

"You dare…?" She whispered in a dark tone.

"I suppose that was wrong too," Riser looked completely unfazed. "You still have a lot of fight in you."

Rias calmed herself down as she felt her Queen's hand hold hers, her magical power evaporating quickly to stop the room from being erased, however, she did not sit back down, nor did she respond, as she did not trust herself from saying something she would regret.

To have this upstart practically have her at gunpoint was humiliating, and it pissed her off to no end. She's done a lot to offend him the previous years, promptly ruining any chances of her rightfully retaliating against him. Even her title as a duchess wouldn't help anymore.

Anything that could set him off means possibly having less time to prepare for the Rating Game at best, and the cancellation of it at worst.

"Lord Riser, need I remind you to not overstep your boundaries?" Akeno stated politely. "Fiancee or not, my King is still your superior. Please show some respect."

"Yes, of course. I was merely joking." He sighed, "Rias is a classy lady, and perhaps I might've gone too far. I apologize."

Might've. Rias scoffed internally. He knew full well what he did. Bastard.

"Now-" Akeno continued, smiling warmly at him. Obviously a fake smile, but she's always been good at those. "Could you please tell us why you decided to visit?"

"As I said, I wanted to see if she improved her peerage or not," Riser said. "And I suppose to have some tea. None of the maids come close to making tea as good as yours, Akeno. Could you pour me another cup?"

Does he really have to overstay his welcome? Rias's frown deepened. Is this one of his stupid mind games?

"Oh my~ That is very kind of you to say, Lord Riser," Akeno giggled. "Of course, let me—"

Just then, before Akeno grabbed the teapot, the door opened suddenly, making all of them turn to see who had rudely entered her clubroom. Rias's blood ran cold as her eyes met Akane's, who blinked when she saw the crowd.

There was an awkward moment of silence where Rias felt more worried by the second. She looked between Akane and Riser, the latter having a frown of disdain on his face. Why was she here?! What brought her to this place- she thought the girl wanted nothing to do with them, and her specifically. Why in The Devil's name did she decide to visit now?!

Why does this day keep getting worse?! What the hell did Rias do in her past life?!

Riser cleared his throat, getting the girl's attention.

"You know, it's very rude to not knock on the door before entering," Riser started, making Rias and her entire peerage look at him in horror. Does he not recognize her?!

"R-Riser, she's-"

"Yeah, my bad," Akane agreed, being incredibly reasonable. "I kinda need Rias right now, but I can wait outside till you're done. Sorry for bothering you all."

And another curveball had them once again look at the human girl in shock. Clearly, none of them expected this response- thinking the girl would respond with a rude gesture or insult. Luck was on their side as she merely turned around and grabbed the doorknob, getting ready to exit.

Thank Lucifer…

"Very good. I like it when peasants know their place," Riser remarked offhandedly, almost prompting Rias to pull her hair out. "Run along now, and be more polite to your superiors next time. Now, where were we?"

Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?!

Rias turned to look at the human girl in a panic, her heart sinking as she saw her completely unmoving. Slowly, she turned around, grip still on the doorknob as she glared at the blond devil. Rias felt the temperature in the room lower as Akane uttered her next words.

"Wanna run that by me again?"

"Hm?" Riser rose a brow. "You're still here? Hurry it up and leave us. You're disrupting a very important conversation."

"Riser!" Rias shouted at him, heart pounding in her chest as she tried whatever she could to prevent anything horrible from happening. "Apologize to her this instant!"

"Huh? Why should I? Is she part of your house?" Riser questioned, and before she had a chance to answer, he spoke over her. "She doesn't look like a devil to me. A human slave?"

As soon as the word 'slave' left his mouth, the temperature in the room plummeted. It became cold enough that Rias was seeing her own breath, and in the next instant, Akane's foot connected with the Phenex's face, sending him crashing into the wall of the clubroom and to the opposite side of the mansion.

It took Yubelluna a moment to register what had happened, and Akane hadn't stopped moving. By the time the Queen had her hand up, palm open in order to release an explosion, Akane had backhanded her into the other wall. Koneko barely avoided being struck by the projectile Akane had created of the other woman's body.

Nooooo…

"I tried to be nice. I tried to be reasonable," Akane growled as the sheer density of her magical power made Rias shiver. "But clearly this bullshit isn't for me."

Noooooooooo!

Riser's Queen recovered and pointed her staff at the human girl, who snapped her finger, prompting a wall of ice to appear in front of her, taking the full brunt of the explosion. Crystal wings sprouted off her back as she backed away, breaking through the building and flying high in the sky.

This finally prompted Rias to act.

"Get them off each other. Now!" She ordered her peerage as Yubelluna followed after the girl with a snarl. "Before anything severe happens!"

All of her peerage followed after the three, and witnessed as Akane, a human girl, managed to fend off both Riser and his queen. Alone.

Riser returned to the fray, a deep, angry scowl on his face as he threw spell after spell, but all were either blocked by her ice or dodged by her graceful movement in the air. Not even his wind magic managed to reach her as Akane juggled his attacks along with his Queen's.

Of course, she didn't simply dodge and block. She returned the favor with sharp ice weaponry; spears, swords, axes, and arrows. Even with her breath taken away by the spectacle, Rias could still feel the weight of those spells. Those would hurt a lot.

And as if on cue, a fast-moving bullet of ice pierced Yubelluna's arm, making her cry out in pain and drop her staff, but not without sacrifice, as Akane took the full-brunt of a fireball from Riser, who grinned victoriously as smoke covered the sky where the human girl was.

Koneko and Akeno both stood in front of Riser's queen and grabbed her by the arms, keeping her in place as Rias and Kiba went for Riser himself. Rias' heart was pounding as she glanced at the smokescreen created by the Phenex's fireball. She could still sense Akane's magic, which didn't lower by much thankfully, but the damages could be severe-

As she thought that, Akane came rocketing down at Riser, kicking his face and sending him plummeting down to the ground, creating a giant crater in the surrounding forest. Aside from the shock, Rias felt a little intimidated by the appearance of the girl, with a half-burnt school uniform, veins in her forehead threatening to pop, and a terrifying scowl etched on her face.

Same scowl she had when she beat those perverts to a pulp.

As a pillar of fire exploded from the forest down below, Riser let out an angry roar as he scowled back at the human girl. "You whore! How dare a human sow like you lay a hand on me?!"

"You started it, you stupid cunt!" She shouted back at him. "Coulda stayed quiet but had ta massage yer overinflated ego. Have ta compensate for somethin' ya tiny-dicked bitch?!"

"The fuck did you say to me?!"

"ENOUGH!" Rias screamed over them. "Enough! Stop it, both of you!"

"Rias?!" Riser looked at her in shock and anger. "You're taking the side of this human?!"

"I'm not taking anyone's side! If you'd just let me finish my sentence, you'd realize that this is Tatsu Amamiya's daughter!" She revealed to him, making him pale.

The color drained from Yubelluna's face as she heard their shouting match, realizing that attacking this girl could kickstart a war that they wouldn't survive.

Flustered, her coward of a 'Fiancee' merely looked at the girl and scoffed, playing up his bravado further. "W-whatever. I got what I came here for anyway. You have two weeks, Rias. And you."

He glared at Akane, who managed to calm herself down as she glared back at him.

"Don't think this is over," He said, raising his arm to cast a teleportation circle.

In response, Akane whispered loud enough for Rias to hear. "Was that a fuckin' threat?"

Akeno and Koneko let go of Yubelluna as she scurried back to her king, teleporting away with him, likely going back to the Underworld. Rias let out a huge sigh of relief as her head began to pound, making her wince in pain.

"Yeah, that's what I fucking thought," Akane spat. "Limp-dicked loser…"

With the searing headache, Rias honestly didn't know what to do at the moment, but thankfully, someone was already thinking for her at the moment.

"Gremory," Akane's commanding voice forced her to straighten her back.

"Y-yes?"

"You're gonna kick his ass on my behalf," She growled, making Rias shudder in fear. "And I won't settle for anything besides total annihilation, got it?"

"G-got it," Rias nodded meekly.

"Shit just got real fuckin' personal."

Rias wanted to cry. She just wanted to curl up in a ball and cry her eyes out.

Why does this always keep happening to her?
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Lemir, Mufarasu and 330 others
Mirlnir
May 2, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 17: No Backing Down
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 2, 2022
Add bookmark
#306
Chapter beta'd by Priapus and Old Man of the Mountain
– Sona –

She wasn't quite sure what to make of the current situation, but Sona was now fully convinced that fate was out to get her and Rias for some reason, and had accepted the fact. That was fine, she could work around it, she'd been through worse. This? Oh, this was nothing.

…Is what she'd say if the girl in front of her would stop glaring at them. Rias shuffled awkwardly next to her under Akane's judging gaze, and Sona didn't blame her. Even she was a little intimidated by the Yakuza princess, and her appearance certainly didn't make it better.

She was quite a sight, school uniform half burnt, revealing the black sports bra she wore underneath, soot covering her arms and shoulders, and a vein visibly bulging on her forehead, barely obscured by her hair bangs. Fortunately, she was relatively unharmed, but Sona didn't think that was much consolation to the enraged girl.

Sona's eyes flickered around the clubroom, seeing the destruction caused by Akane's battle. A huge part of the mansion was just blown away, and what remained had been ravaged by fire, ice and explosions. Nothing had been disintegrated, though, so it seems Akane had not only gotten into a fight with Riser and his Queen, but single-handedly won it too.
She knew the girl was tough from the battle against the Fallen, but that tough? Lucifer. Riser was High-Class for a reason, so him being on the back foot even with his queen at his side was shocking.

All the more reason to get close to the girl. From what she'd heard, and while not fully confirmed, Akane only recently learned about the Supernatural, meaning she had grown that powerful in a very short amount of time. Perhaps once she and Rias put time into training, the results would be far better than she had expected.

As for her current predicament, well, if she was honest, Sona wasn't sure how to deal with it. She was prepared for most things, but something like this was far outside her area of expertise, and Rias likely didn't have any idea either. She hated to admit it, even in her head, but having Serafall here would be a blessing.

No, she could handle this. She didn't need anyone's help, she was perfectly capable of turning this situation to her advantage.

"First, I'd like to give my sincerest apologies that this happened on my watch." Sona started professionally. "If you fill me in on the details, I will do everything I can to ensure that Riser is punished for whatever he may have done to provoke this incident."

She didn't even entertain the notion that the arrogant and moronic devil had somehow not been at fault for the incident, even before hearing the specifics.

Akane's eyes locked onto the devil heiress, and Sona felt cold sweat trail down her cheek. Did she mention that the room was freezing? She could see her own breath, for Lucifer's sake.

For a long moment, she thought the human girl was going to turn on her before she breathed deeply and ground out "The dickless bitch tried to treat me as a slave."

Sona winced. That was a big enough insult that no one could complain about Akane attacking him, probably not enough that it would be politically feasible to levy any punishment that she'd expect Akane to find satisfying. She nodded and tried to put a positive spin on what she could do. "Alright, I will talk to my sister and inform her of what happened. I should at least be able to get his family to force him to apologize, and probably punish him themselves for the loss of face."

To her surprise, Akane seemed to take it well, although the tension in the room didn't ease up at all as she looked over to Rias with a sharp look, saying "Appreciated, but it won't be enough. I think Gremory will also punish him for me instead, won't you Gremory?"

"I'll… try," Rias muttered, visibly sweating despite the chill.

Sona glances at her best friend in sympathy, feeling for the girl. She was already stressed enough as it is, and while not entirely blameless about her situation, it must be tough to go through, especially with the sudden addition of the yakuza princess' weighty expectations. A tense moment passed, then Akane took a deep breath as her scowl fell, replaced by a mildly annoyed look.

"Look, I'm not…" Akane sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. "I'm not mad at you, okay? I know you two didn't expect this to happen, you didn't plan it. So stop with these looks and let's just talk this out, yeah?"

"W-well, you were glaring, so I assumed…" Rias spoke quietly, not finishing the sentence.

"Not at you." She responded before clicking her tongue. "Whatever, it doesn't matter. Look, I can look the other way this time, as long as you do what I told you to."

"W-well, I can't exactly-" Rias started, doing her best to not panic, but was cut off by Sona, who was still somewhat in the dark.

"That is?" Sona leaned forward in curiosity, feeling a little more relaxed.

"I want to kick that fucker's ass and teach him a lesson." She said vulgarly. "But I can't do that, not with how shaky the peace is anyway."

True. What Riser did could be chalked up as a misunderstanding on his part, so to avoid anything drastic, all he has to do is apologize to Akane. Knowing the arrogant Phenex, however, he won't be genuine, and Sona doubts the human girl even wanted his apology. It's very clear that she took it personally.

Unfortunately, challenging him to an official duel wasn't ideal, as it'd only make it worse for both sides. The Yakuza and the Devils weren't friends, nor even allies, being closer to enemies with a ceasefire. Something like this would only shake the brittle peace even further.

"So instead, I'll help her-" She pointed at Rias who blinked in confusion. "So she can do that for me."

"Y-yes, but I don't understand," Rias said. "Why me specifically?"

Akane gave her a flat look. "Your Rating game with him is soon, isn't it? Crushing him in the game that decides his marriage would be way better than disingenuous apologies. He needs to be humiliated and humbled. Besides, he's your fiance." Rias narrows her eyes at Sona for a moment, but she meets them levelly, feeling no need to apologise for telling someone who could help.

"A-ah… Well, I'm very happy you're offering, Akane." Rias smiled politely, but Sona looked at her with a frown. "But I don't think I can-"

"Offering?" Akane raised a brow before scoffing. "'Offering' she says. That would imply you have a choice in the matter."

"Eh?" Rias blinked.

"You're training whether you like it or not, and I will oversee your progress," Akane said forcefully. "I'll help you and your peerage train, and even come up with a strategy to take him down if you want me to. Frankly, I don't care if I have to do everything myself, as long as you humiliate him this upcoming Rating Game."

"W-what?" Rias stood up from her seat. "You can't just decide that!"

"Yes, I can." She disagreed. "It's for your own good, Gremory. Stop fighting it."

"And what right do you have to determine that?!"

"I've been slighted and mocked, I deserve proper satisfaction for what that dickhead did, and like I said, none of that weak 'sorry' bullshit makes up for it," Akane growled with a scowl, her eyes shining blue and making Rias flinch. "You share the burden for being his fiance, and I won't accept anything short of humiliation in a Rating Game by you."

Rias stammered a response, an upset expression taking over herself as she turned to Sona for support.

The Sitri heiress merely raised a brow at her with a small smirk."That is a very reasonable request, Akane. It shall be done."

"What?!" Rias' eyes widened in shock. "What do you mean it's reasonable?!"

"Don't you want to defeat Riser yourself?" Sona tilted her head. "Here's a perfect opportunity. Akane will help you and your peerage to prepare, likely with the support of the Yakuza behind her."

A look of hurt and betrayal crossed Rias' face, and it did cause Sona to feel a pang of guilt in her heart, but she knew that this was for the best. Rias didn't have enough time, she couldn't afford to look for possible new peerage members anymore. She needed to make do with what she had right now.

Perhaps what Riser did was a blessing in disguise. Akane was now hellbent on making him pay for what he did to her but miraculously wasn't unreasonable enough to go after him herself. This was good, very good. All that was left was for Rias to go along with it.

Sona didn't think it'd be that easy, though, not with her defeatism so entrenched in her mind. She had to break through, otherwise, she wouldn't have a future. She and Sirzechs couldn't help her get through it, but hopefully, someone as forceful as the Yakuza heiress might be able to.

"Regardless, I'll shoot a message after I decide where, and I expect you to be there," Akane told Rias. "I'll keep what happened under wraps and pretend it never happened in case certain people get the wrong idea."

"That'd be very appreciated." Sona smiled. "Thank you."

With that, she stood up and gave the two devils a nod before leaving, the freezing cold disappearing as she closed the door behind her. Sona leaned back and exhaled deeply before looking at her childhood friend, frowning slightly. Rias had her head down, a look of pain and defeat prominent on her face as she rubbed her own arm.

Sona stood up and gently put her hand on Rias' shoulder. "I know what I did hurt you, but you know that I only did it for your own good."

Rias didn't respond.

"This is your only chance at winning, Rias." Sona insisted. "Life doesn't have easy shortcuts. You have to work for it."

"Easy for you to say," Rias muttered in contempt, which hurt Sona more than she was willing to admit. "You don't know what I've gone through. Not one day went by without me losing sleep over this stupid marriage, while all you had to do escape yours is beating someone in fucking chess."

"That may be true, but you shouldn't just give up," Sona said. "This isn't like you, Rias. You'd always do everything in your power to win, no matter how trivial the subject could be. You can do this, you just have to go through this-"

"You don't understand!" Rias cut her off with a scowl, tears at the edges of her eyes. "I can't beat Riser with some measly training! He's so much stronger than I am and I don't stand a chance!"

"Then stop overestimating him!" Sona yelled back, making her flinch. "He's nowhere near as strong as you think he is!"

"You haven't seen what he can do!"

"Rias, he's high-class!" Sona countered in exasperation. "Not Satan, not even Ultimate- he's high-class like we are! Hell, you saw his fight with Akane, didn't you? He certainly didn't win that."

Rias couldn't respond, her mouth opening and closing as she tried to find an argument, making Sona sigh deeply after a minute.

"We've been through this multiple times already, we're better off saving our breath." Sona shook her head. "I'll leave you to your own devices."

Sona turned around and headed towards the door, looking back at her redhead friend as she grabbed the doorknob.

"Rias."

The Gremory heiress glanced at her, and Sona smiled.

"You're so much stronger than you think you are."

Rias didn't react, but Sona hoped it at least did something to her friend, so she left her alone to think for herself. Sona sighed tiredly again before returning to her student duties, hoping that the redhead would take Akane's 'offer' and show up when the time comes.

It was for her own good.



– Akane –

Leaving the campus, I lean against a wall and rub my eyes tiredly as I think of my next reasonable move. Sin of Wrath is a lot worse than I expected it to be and coupled with how admittedly prideful I can be, it's a disastrous combo. Just a few words of mockery and I fly off into a rage.

Now my dumb ass is stuck helping out the redhead bitch and I'd look bad if I back down now. I wanted to help, yeah, but I wasn't forced to do it. Why was Riser there anyway? What did he want? Why the fuck would he start a fight like that randomly? His head must be so far up his own ass that he forgot he's in human territory.

I click my tongue and pull out a lighter and a cigarette from my pocket, calming myself down by exhaling a cloud of smoke after lighting the latter up. As the festering anger inside me starts to evaporate, I'm able to think more clearly than before.

On the bright side, this gives me more of a reason to help Rias with this, so it won't look weird and too convenient for them anymore. It's safe to assume for them that I'm pretty pissed at Riser, so they won't be questioning my reason to help as much anymore.

All I would've done before was simply convince Rias to take training seriously, and that was it really. Now I have a reason to force her to do that instead of a half-assed attempt to convince her. Helps that my anger issues are known to nearly everyone around me.

Pretty sure that's ultimately a disadvantage, but it's useful in this regard I suppose.

Now, how to handle the inevitable repercussions from the Yakuza, and worse, my mother? I wouldn't be surprised if she went to the underworld to drag the idiot chicken back here to kick his ass personally, but I can't have her doing that, nor the clan to intervene.

This is something that needs to be hushed up. I don't want either my mother or the Yakuza to do anything about it- I want to handle it by myself. Having them get involved might just ruin my chance of getting back at Riser, and worse, send Rias and Sona back to the underworld.

The Majima family probably witnessed what happened, but I'm not sure if they've seen the start of it, so they might reach the wrong conclusion. I need to stop them from reporting back to their chairman. How do I contact this patriarch?

My thoughtful frown deepens for a moment as I get an idea. I don't know if he's watching me right now, but I'm betting that he is. I just tell him to keep quiet, and he listens. Nothing more and nothing less.

This tip-toe bullshit is starting to get on my nerves.

"Alright, I know you can hear me-" I say out loud, flicking the cigarette away before stomping on it. "And I want to talk to you. Show yourself."

No response, making my eyes narrow for a moment before I scoff. Of course, why did I expect this to work? Not like they ever tried to help me at all, even when I was on the verge of death. Why would they answer my call now?

Ah, whatever. Worth a shot.

As I'm about to walk back to my house, I feel a chill go down my spine, prompting me to look to the side. Leaning against the same wall is a tall and lean-built man, wearing an odd snakeskin jacket with nothing else underneath it, showing his muscles and traces of irezumi reaching parts of his chest, black pants, and black gloves.

His most prominent feature, though, is the eyepatch covering his left eye. He smirks when his eye meets mine, arms crossed as he greets me casually.

"Yo."

I cautiously take a step back, my face turning into one of worry as I feel the sudden shift of atmosphere in his presence. When the hell did he get there? I couldn't even hear, see or sense him at all. One second there was no trace of him, and in the next, he was right next to me.

Every part of my body is screaming at me to leave, even though there isn't one bit of malicious intent I can pick up from him. All I know right now is that this man is far, far more dangerous than I thought he'd be.

Name: Goro Majima

Title: The Mad Dog of the Tojo Clan

HP - ???

MP - ???

SP - ???

Race: Human

LVL - ???

STR - ???

END - ???

DEX - ???

INT - ???

WIS - ???

CHA - ???

LUK - ???

Thoughts about you – Daughter of a precious friend and rival. He's very excited to see what you're capable of and thinks you have a lot of potential.

Reputation – 40

Affection – 0

Obedience – 10

Loyalty - -100

I almost flinch when I see his stats. All question marks? The only people who showed this were Ryuji Goda and Sirzechs. How strong is this guy? Are the Yakuza really that powerful to be having people of his caliber?

"You're uh…" I stumble on my words before quickly regaining my composure. "You're pretty quick."

"Gotta be in this day and age." He shrugs. "So, whaddya call me for?"

I was about to call him out for the bullshit he did when I fought against the Fallen as my anger flared, but the words get stuck in my throat, stopping me from doing that. Cool it, this isn't the time to be picking a fight with a Yakuza legend. You're smarter than this.

However, his smug smirk is nothing short of absolutely fucking infuriating, so even my cautiousness is being overpowered by my rage. This annoying sin needs to go one day.

…If you're gonna do it anyway, at least be calm about it.

"Sorry, but I'm still in disbelief that you actually decided to show up," I say sarcastically. "And here I thought I'd take my cold, dead corpse to do that."

"What, still sore 'bout that?" He raises a brow. "C'mon, it's been a week since that happened."

"I could've died." I narrow my eyes. "I could've died and you didn't do shit to stop it."

"But ya didn't." His smirk widens. "Ya persevered and won. So why are ya still mad?"

"Because it's not my job to deal with threats like these!" I argue, a little heated from how casual he seems about my safety. "It's yours! You handle it, not a bunch of fucking high school students!"

"But if I did-" He puts his hands in his pockets. "Ya wouldn't have gotten this strong, yea?"

I freeze as he says that.

"Ya can lie to yourself all ya want, but I know yer kind." He says, making me flinch. "Sure, helpin' ya is the safer bet, but ain't that only short term?"

I scowl as I fail to argue against that, knowing just how dangerous it'll all be later.

"Lettin' ya deal with it made you better, it made you stronger, it gave ya experience." He continues. "And that's what ya want, ain't it? It's all that matters ta ya."

He takes a step toward me, making me back off slightly.

"Ya want power." He summarizes me perfectly, making me visibly freeze on the spot. "Hit it right on the head, didn't I?"

I don't like him. He knows way too much.

"Heh, ya don't gotta look so afraid, missy. I actually agree with ya." Goro Majima chuckles, prompting me to pause with a confused frown. "Power is what keeps yer enemies away, what makes em scared to mess with ya. It's what keeps yer friends and family safe and away from harm's way."

I relax a little as he continues.

"It's what makes ya survive in this world, as long as ya don't lose sight of what really matters." He says. "I ain't ever gonna blame ya for pursuin' it. I wanna help ya get better even, and me dealin' with every little inconvenience ain't the way ta do it. Don't ya agree with lil ol' me?"

A glint in his visible shines as his smirk widens.

"So you want to be kept safe? Cuz if you really want me to, then I can do that." He states with a shrug, accent switching. "Or do you want to be dangerous instead?"

I can feel my anger slipping away as I think about what he's saying. He's right, more than he thinks. If he handled the Fallen immediately, I wouldn't have gotten the quest to finish them off myself. I wouldn't have gotten the huge amount of exp, skills, and perks. I wouldn't be anywhere near as strong as I am now.

I hate to admit it, but I suppose I have to thank him for this. My mother and Akiyama treat me like I'm made of glass sometimes, which is understandable, but it can get annoying. This guy is different, though. Of course, this doesn't mean I like him, but I'd be lying if I said I don't need someone like him on my side.

I can't expect to grow if I'm not pushed to my limits.

So this is why he wasn't helping. I had a lot of ideas regarding a reason, but I didn't expect this. I thought maybe they hated me or something, that this was a family that my father fought against once, or they saw me as nothing more than a burden.

This… changes a lot, but I still need to make sure.

"And if the 'inconvenience' is more than that? What if it's an actual threat to me and this town?" I ask. "Are you gonna just stay there and watch again?"

"When that happens, ya just need ta let go of my leash." His grin turns bloodthirsty as he flicks his hand, revealing a dagger before he twirls it around. "And I'll maul them all for ya."

We'll see about that. I may understand his intentions now, but I don't trust him yet. He's just odd. I don't know, I'm trusting my gut feeling for this one. He isn't called the Mad Dog for nothing after all.

"But enough of that." He waves it off as his smirk turns normal again. "Ya needed me for somethin'?"

"Yeah." I cross my arms. "You saw what happened earlier, right?"

"Hm? Ya mean the chicken shit?" He scratches his chin and I nod in confirmation. "Yeah, saw it. I dunno what brought it on, but I gotta say, that was a fun ass-kickin' there. Ya had him by the balls. Was funny as shit."

"Didn't even try, trust me." I mirror his smirk. "Anyway, I just want you to keep quiet about it. Don't tell anyone, especially not my mother. I'll handle it myself."

"Yeah, sure."

"I know it sounds- eh?" I blink in surprise as he complies instantly. "R-really?"

"Ya said yer gonna handle it, and I ain't about ta stop ya."

"I… yeah, okay, thanks." I clear my throat. "Well, that's all really. Thank you, Majima… san?"

"Call me whatever." He shrugs. "Imma call ya Akane-chan."

"Don't."

"Too late."

An annoyed expression takes over my face as I stare at his dumb grin before scoffing.

"Whatever. I'm going home now." I wave and turn to where my house is. "See you, I guess."

He simply leans back against the wall again as he watches me leave. I tear my eyes away from him and send Ichi a message, telling him to meet me at my home. He's the only one I trust not to blow up about this bullshit and make it a bigger problem. I should at least inform him and get a voice of reason.

I turn to look at Goro Majima once again, but he's not there anymore, making my frown deepen.

What a weirdo.



– Mizuki –

It was good that the Tojo Clan had been listening to them the whole time because now, the Amon won't have any reason to target Akiyama or her specifically for knowing about them, which gives her more time to prepare once they decide to strike.

She expected this to be the case. If it was ten years earlier, she and Akiyama might've turned to corpses on the ground for daring to speak about them, but with the Tojo Clan's exponential advancements in technology, they're not able to easily prevent the Yakuza from hearing or seeing what happens.

Her brother, in his arrogance, likely banked on her fear of them that he didn't quite expect her to tell anyone about them, and he'd be right for the past seventeen years. However, he doesn't know that there was one thing Mizuki would do everything in her power to protect, and that's her daughter.

And finally, Aki was much stronger than he had been years ago. A simple mistake means their detection, and unless her brother himself was the one assassinating them, Akiyama was more than enough to beat them back on his own.

However, this isn't all good and dandy. This would cause a shadow war between the Tojo and the Amon. The latter will try to cripple the Yakuza by assassinating leaders and patriarchs, aiming exactly where it hurts.

She'll need to tell Daigo about this. Maximize security and advance sensory tech before the Amon are able to do anything serious.

She knew their tactics. Mizuki was the best and most accomplished assassin amongst them after all and knew they'd only attack when they're absolutely sure they couldn't be tracked or traced. Their paranoia is an advantage to her.

But that's not enough. A mere moment is just enough for them to strike, so to make it even harder for them, then Akane needs to know all about them as well. Their weaknesses, strengths, techniques, and methods. All of it.

With a worried frown on her face, she read the message on her phone again and again, still in the cafe with Akiyama as he took in everything she told him, looking deep in thought. Of course he'd be thinking, because, on top of telling him about the Amon Clan, she told him about herself, more than she'd usually say.

And as anyone would imagine, her childhood wasn't exactly… the nicest. From the moment she could walk, she was put through hell every single day of her life. They broke her and rebuilt her over and over, mentally and physically, just to make her the ultimate assassin.

There was even more pressure on her than other members due to her bloodline. Mizuki had far more potential than the others, even her twin brother came up short compared to the overwhelming power she had had since birth.

Mizuki had lost count of how many times she had had her bones broken and limbs sliced off. They'd beat her to an inch of her life before healing her in a medical tank for years. Through a lot of physiological and physical 'conditioning', otherwise known as 'torture', the former clan head, her father, had wanted to eliminate every weakness.

The only place of comfort she had in her life was in the arms of her mother, who later killed herself due to the constant abuse she suffered. And to make it worse, they didn't rid of the corpse until after Mizuki had a good long look at it because that bastard of a sperm doner wanted to make a point.

"She was weak, so she died. It is quite simple." He had told her. "So tell me: are you strong or weak? Do you want to die or live?"

One hell of a way to traumatize a child, if the past hell she went through wasn't enough to do it, and she had to admit, speaking to someone about it was freeing. She had kept this to herself for so long, that not even Tatsu knew half the things she told Akiyama, even though he had directly confronted them at some point.

In the midst of the conversation, an unknown number sent her a message. Well, 'unknown' is what the phone showed, but Mizuki knew full well who the sender was. It was a clear warning of what was to come because of what she did, as it read "Unforgivable". How nice of them.

She scoffed internally. Mizuki did what she had to because they couldn't keep their grubby hands off her dear daughter. He broke the promise first, and he should've known full well that she'd react this way, technicality be damned.

A bunch of worthless and bloodthirsty bastards.

She closed her phone and turned her attention back to Akiyama, waiting for his response. After a moment of awkward silence, he noticed her mildly uncomfortable look and cleared his throat.

"Sorry, I'm sure you're waiting for me to say something." He started. "But this is… a lot to take in."

"I can imagine." She agreed. "One hell of a life to experience. 2/10, don't recommend."

He snorted in amusement at the especially morbid joke before quickly apologizing.

"S-sorry, I didn't mean to laugh-"

"Aki, we've known each other for years." She waved it off with a roll of her eyes. "You know this is how I cope with this kind of stuff."

"Yes, but still-" He sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "I don't know how to say this-"

"It's fucked, yeah, but I don't really care about the past as much anymore, so don't worry about it," Mizuki responded, sipping from her coffee. "I just don't want Akane to ever go through something like that."

"You really think they'll just…" Akiyama paused, looking for the right words before continuing. "Pop in and kidnap her?"

"No, they're not bold." She shook her head. "Knowing them, they'll wait for an opportunity to take her away from right under our noses. As I said, they really value anonymity, and for a bunch of murderers, they can be patient."

"Do you know where their base is?"

"No, they're always moving," Mizuki answered. "When I was with them, their base of operation was near Earth's core."

His gaze turned incredulous at the casual information before he shook it off.

"So if they took Akane-"

"We'd never see her again." She confirmed. "Not until they brainwash her anyway. With someone as talented as her, they'll do everything in their power to get her."

"...I don't understand." Akiyama frowned. "What do they want, exactly? What's their goal?"

"Power, glory, and conquest." She responded simply. "The Amon Clan view themselves as superior lifeforms, as the 'Ultimate Humans', and want to prove it to everyone by subjugating every other race. They despise everything that isn't them."

"And they think Akane is the key to all of that?"

"Likely. She's a huge step forward to said goal." Mizuki said. "You saw how utterly insane her growth is. Literal years' worth of development in less than a month. It's not normal. They'll do anything for a prodigy like her."

Because if her daughter went through their training, then in the context of her growth, theoretically a single decade would be more than enough to make her unstoppable. Not even the combined might of every single faction would be able to defeat the Amon Clan if Akane joined them.

But it'd be at the cost of her mind, humanity, and soul. She'd be nothing more than a killing machine slaughtering everything in her path at the command of the current clan head. Just thinking about it made Mizuki terrified, and angry beyond belief.

And Mizuki would die a million times before she let it happen.

"Whatever they call themselves, as long as I'm breathing, I won't let them harm Akane or you for that matter." He promised. "I swear it."

Mizuki blinked.

"You like going after widows?" She said suddenly, making him flinch.

"You know that's not my intention, Mizuki-san." He responded with exasperation. "I don't even view you that way."

"What?" She frowned. "Are you saying I'm not pretty?"

"That's not-" He stopped himself and frowned back. "This is a trap, isn't it?"

"Ah, so close!"

"Of course it is." He sighed in amusement. "You and your daughter are exact copies of each other."

"Obviously. Akane is merely an inferior, mini version of the awesome me." Mizuki puffed her chest as an arrogant smirk bloomed on her face. "Fufuf~ no matter how hard she tries, she'll never be as good as the original."

"Oh?" He raised a brow. "I wonder what she thinks about that. Let me give her a call."

Her smirk immediately dropped as he pulled his phone out of his pocket, replaced by a worried look.

"I-it's a joke, please don't do that."

"No, I think she'd be interested in this."

"Stop!"

It kinda worried her that they didn't even try to interrupt them, though. Not even a single hint of them anywhere once their leader disappeared after glaring at her for a few minutes. They weren't bold, but they weren't this passive either. There was this sense of dread that made her stomach turn.

Perhaps it's a good thing, though. If they didn't act now, then they won't act for a while. It'll give her time to prepare. All Mizuki needs now is to break this pesky seal of hers, then she can be ready to deal with them personally.

– Ichiban –

"Fuck, man." Ichi cursed as he put a card on the table. "I knew I shouldn't have left you alone with them."

"Look, everything turned out… relatively okay in the end." His best friend shrugged as she drew two cards. "Sure, I'm stuck helping them, but this is ultimately beneficial to everyone."

He was forced to agree with that, but damn it he wanted to have been there. That jackass Riser or whatever sounded not unlike the idiot wannabe gangsters in Kamurocho, and weirdly enough, Ichiban kinda missed them. It had been a while since he did community service by wiping the floor with their faces.

Once he got to his apartment, he had quickly got changed and headed towards the theatres, but his friend had sent a vague message like usual, telling him to come to her house, so he had simply shrugged and complied, seeing that the movie didn't start for an hour.

The first thing he noticed was her odd choice of clothes. People usually don't wear baggy hoodies and pants in the middle of spring, and it wasn't really Akane's style. As long as he'd known her, she had always worn something light, even on cold days.

Seriously, she used to wear short jeans when it was winter.

He had pushed it to the back of his head when he saw the serious look on her face, though, and once he sat down, she told him about what happened with the devils. He had had half a mind to go there and kick their asses himself but obviously didn't.

Because while he wasn't exactly the smartest guy around, he knew that would have a lot of consequences. Akane has a lot of leeway considering who she was related to, but him? A nobody in comparison, who wasn't even allowed to join a family yet? He'd get killed on the spot.

This Riser dickhead clearly tried to antagonize and provoke her willingly. Akane is a violent, brutal girl with obvious anger issues for sure, but she'd never start a fight for no reason. She's lucky that there were witnesses to back her up.

"Yeah, but like, I missed a whole devil ass-kicking!" He groaned, putting down another card. "Also, Uno."

"Yeah sure, I'll record the next fight I'm in so you don't feel left out." She scoffed as she put hers, making him click his tongue before drawing four cards. "It happened too fast, alright? Even the Gremory girl didn't expect a fight to break out."

"So what, she just stood there and watched?" He raised a brow, glancing at Akane.

"She and her friends stopped the fight before it escalated." The girl shrugged. "And for the record, I would've won."

"Are you sure they're not in on it?" Ichiban said, making her pause. "You said the Gremory hated the asshole's guts, right?"

"Yeah…?"

"Maybe they just… I dunno, made up some plan to get you involved?" He continued, not knowing where to go with this. "It just sounds fishy to me. Oddly convenient for him to be there when you were asked to convince her."

His friend looked at him with an odd frown before rolling her eyes.

"No need for the mental gymnastic, Ichi. It's just a coincidence." Akane insisted. "They're cunning, but not to that level."

"I-I know, it's not fair to them." He admitted. "I just don't like devils."

She paused for a small moment before meeting his gaze.

"What happened to make you think that way?"

Ichiban frowned and put all his cards face down, answering after taking a deep breath through his nose.

"It was around two months after you left." He started. "I had just bought a game I wanted and was going home to spend the day playing, but with since I live in Kamuorcho, some idiots picked a fight, saying I should hand it over.

"I didn't, of course, and knocked them out one by one." He continued. "But one of them was different. He was way tougher than normal, he took hits without even flinching, and one punch was all it took to knock me out. The bastard was toying with me."

"A devil." Akane caught on. "Yeah, even a regular, low-class devil is around ten times tougher than an Olympic athlete."

"Yeah, I didn't stand a chance." He chuckled bitterly. "When I came to, I was in some dark place outside the town, bound to a bed with chains. I couldn't move.

"It didn't really take me long to understand what was about to happen when the asshole showed himself with a doll or idol or something." He said, making Akane's gaze sharpen. "I don't really remember what he was going on about, nor did I understand it at the time, but I think he wanted to take my Sacred Gear."

"With a doll?" She questioned. "What does it look like? Was there anything weird about it?"

"I'm sorry, it's all so blurry to me. I was too terrified to think about it, I thought I was gonna get sacrificed or something by a raving lunatic." He answered, making her face twitch before she relaxed. "He did some weird chanting, and for a moment I felt like my very soul is being pulled."

"How'd you get out?"

"A Yakuza saved me." He responded, smiling a bit. "The man was pretty old, gray hair and everything, and just… broke the devil's neck as soon as he got close. He was too fast for me to see him move."

"So That's why you started to fanboy when I told you about the Yakuza being related to me." She put a hand over her chin and nodded. "Makes sense."

"Heh, yeah, I kinda got obsessed." He chuckled sheepishly. "The man who saved me was Masumi Arakawa, patriarch of the Arakawa family. He took me back to Kamurocho and dropped me off, but I couldn't just forget about what happened. I wanted to pay him back, I guess.

"I begged him to let me join the family for almost a year straight, staying outside his office every day," Ichiban said. "He kinda ignored me at first, not even acknowledging my existence, but one day, his son, the young mast- I mean, Masato, took pity on me and invited me inside, and it kinda snowballed from there."

"A lot happened to you since then, huh."

"Yup. The Captain is kind of a pretentious dick, though, but I'd be lying if I said he didn't help out too. He trained me in most martial arts I know today." Ichiban leaned back. "Though I'm nothing more than an errand boy right now, I'm not allowed to officially join the family until I'm twenty, but you know? At least now I have something to do. Before all of this happened, my only goal in life was to live the next day."

"Must've been tough." She said, then paused as she smiled sadly. "I'm sorry, I should've done more to help."

"What? No way, you did so much already. I mean, you give me a PS4 and a fuckin' plasma TV. Way more than I could've asked for." He waved it off. "You actually made life worth living for me."

His brain just caught up with what he just uttered, and blushed deeply when he realized the implication. The smug smirk on Akane's face made it clear that she knew it too. Think before you talk next time for fuck's sake.

Though, he almost swore that she had a pinkish hue coloring her cheeks too.

"I-I mean-"

"Smooth, Ichi. Very smooth." She said. "You had my heart go 'doki doki' there. I almost fell for you."

"Goddamn it, stop ruining these tender, heartfelt moments!" He scowled. "Can't we just talk about this friend to a friend?!"

"Sure, but I'm just saying we could be something more."

"Why you-!" He stood up but quickly stopped himself from doing something he'd regret, taking a deep breath. "You're doing this on purpose, I know you are. You're trying to get a rise out of me like always, and you might not know this, but it's not funny. It REALLY pisses me off."

"Why's your face so red, then?" Her smirk widened.

"C-cuz I'm angry, obviously." He said, not knowing if he was trying to convince her or himself. Ichiban scoffed and sat back down. "Whatever, I'm not playing your shit game anymore.."

God, he fucking hated that smirk so much, but he realized that the only way to win is to not play at all, so instead-

"What's up with the hoodie, by the way?"

He changed the subject.

"Hm?" She blinked and tilted her head.

"I mean, it's kinda hot these days, isn't it?" He clarified. "And last you told me, you hated the hot weather."

Akane stared at him silently for a few seconds before she frowned at him.

"Are you telling me to strip?" She questioned with a dangerous gaze. "Because it sounded like you want me to strip."

"W-what- no!" He shivered in fear. "I-I'm just confused-"

"Because you could've just asked." Her frown dropped, replaced by her signature smug smirk.

I am going to choke her to death!

As he was about to throw his cards to do just that, the front door of the house opened, and in walked Akane's mother. All three paused, the younger two staring at Mizuki, who blinked in surprise as she met their glances.

"You're here?" Mizuki stated.

"Captain Obvious," Akane said something in English with a snort, to which her mother rolled her eyes.

"I thought you'd be out." She said, putting her handbag down. "Not going to the arcade?"

Ichiban's eyes widened and he grinned. His saving grace!

"Yo, Mizuki-san!" He waved. "Are you busy today?"

"Hm? Not really." She answered in the process of taking off her coat. "Why?"

"Well, we're gonna see the new MCU movie, and we have an extra ticket." He said, taking one out of his pocket. "Wanna come along?"

"...Which one?" Mizuki asked after a moment.

"Infinity War."

"Seen it."

Damn it!

"Told you." His best friend said.

"I mean, I'm fine with seeing it again." She shrugged. "So if you'll have me, then sure."

"Great!" His grin returned as he handed her the ticket. "I'll see you at the theaters. Don't be late, the movie's about to start soon."

With that, Ichiban rushed to the door and left, escaping Akane's onslaught. Good, now she can't embarrass him anymore, and she'd forget once they watch the movie. He didn't know how she keeps getting to him with this, or why she'd go out of her way to do it, but it's been made pretty clear that he can't really play this game of hers.

Just don't play. He repeated inwardly. That's how you win. Ignore it, don't acknowledge it.

This, however, was far easier said than done.



– Akane –

Look at him, thinking he's so slick by running away. But this isn't enough to get me to stop.

"So what were you doing anyway?" My mother asks.

"Strip Uno," I lie, making her eyes twinkle in excitement.

"Oooooh spicy~!" She giggles. "Is that why you're wearing a hoodie."

"Yep, he got so close to winning, too." I lie again. "I think he got embarrassed when you came in."

"D'aw, doesn't he know he has my blessing?"

"His loss."

"Hm, maybe he just doesn't know." She nods to herself. "Well, I gotta tell him that when we see him. Just wait for me, I'll go change and we can go together."

"Wake Asia up, she's coming with us."

"Aye aye."

I have my ways, Ichi. You can never escape.

Your embarrassment gives me life.



– Riser –

You know, he wasn't exactly modest about it, but Riser did love being a Phenex. He got everything he could need from a social and biological standpoint. A harem, money, regenerative powers, fire magic, and neither the hot nor cold weather bother him. His life was almost perfect, as long as he got Rias of course.

Of course, he didn't quite care about her specifically, he had a lot of women to fuck and fool around with. He only really wanted the name and prestige, because having political power was always fun. Honestly, if Rias wasn't so damn bitchy, he might've liked her.

He tried so damn hard to be nice to her, but she had put it in her mind that he's the ultimate villain or whatever the fuck, so he thought 'fuck you too, bitch' and decided to humor her and BE that villain, and then came the manipulation. He won't be just a villain, he'll be an unbeatable villain.

That'd teach her to not mess with him for no fucking reason.

A lot of people didn't quite approve of his behavior, of course, especially not his sister or Rias' brother, but he was so far into the deep end by this point that it wasn't worth stopping. Ravel couldn't do much to stop him, and Sirzechs, while being the Lucifer, won't be deleting his ass for it.

His parents were ultimately indifferent. They were the ones who proposed the idea, so they didn't care about anything other than him marrying the Gremory girl.

However, he now realized that he should've stopped visiting Rias for the sole purpose of antagonizing her years ago because finally, it had bitten him in the ass. He fucked with the wrong person, even if it wasn't ultimately his fault that she decided to enter the room on the same day he decided to be there.

Of course, he noticed the red flag when he realized that the human girl could actually fight, and was admittedly kicking his ass along with his queen, but he was too pissed to think clearly at the time.

Fucking Yakuza.

"See, you've done a very bad thing, Riser," Serafall said, pouting from behind her desk as he and his sister looked down in fear. "You could've gotten in so much trouble."

She sounded so silly and so childish as if she was just lecturing children who mildly misbehaved, like stealing from a cookie jar, but the atmosphere was so damn heavy, it nearly suffocated him. He was shaking from how fucking cold it was, not even his fire magic was any help.

…Kinda how that human girl felt now that he thought about it, just on a significantly higher degree.

"That was like, ultra bad. Very very bad." She nodded to herself. "Do you understand how bad it was?"

"Y-yeah-"

"Hmm, no, I don't think you do." Serafall leaned forward. "You could've been executed for this, you know? That's very bad, and not just for you. Your little sister would've been sad. You never make little sisters sad."

A horrible chill went down his spine as she said that so casually. Oh, he fucked up bad, didn't he?

"I-I'm very sorry for what my brother did." Ravel bowed. "I-I'll make sure he never does it again."

"Hehe, little Ravel is so responsible these days." Serafall grinned sweetly. "But this isn't about you, so stay the fuck out of it, mmkay?"

Both of them flinched at that. Oh, she is pissed.

"Now, I'm sure Riser feels so bad for what he did." She looked at him sharply, the smile never leaving her face. "So I'll only let him off with a warning this time, I won't even tell your parents, but you will apologize to her, bowing until your forehead touches the ground, okay?"

"U-understood."

"Awesome!" Serafall clapped. "Before you leave, tell me what you learned today."

"D-don't be needlessly disrespectful to everyone…" He said.

"Mhm…?" Her eyes narrowed for a moment as if she were saying 'what else?'

"...E-even to humans."

"Good boy." She praised sarcastically before a terrifying scowl took over her face. "Let me hear you disrespecting anyone, even your own fucking servants, and you'll wish you've been executed today. Now get the fuck out of my office."

The siblings bowed and hurriedly left the office, walking silently through the hallways of the Leviathan's mansion. Once they were out, Ravel quickly twirled and grabbed her older brother by the collar, glaring daggers at him.

"What the hell were you thinking?!" She yelled at him. "Are you braindead?!"

"What the fuck- Let go of me!" He screamed back as he pushed her away.

"Seriously, what the hell is the matter with you?! Why would you do that?!"

"Wha- how should I know who that girl was?!" He argued. "I didn't know what she looked like- I didn't even know she was in Kuoh for fuck's sake!"

"So you just assume a random human is a slave?! Really?!"

"What? " He scoffed. "Why would any devil let a human run around their domain if they weren't a slave?"

Ravel took a step back, clenching her chest as her angry expression dropped, replaced by an overly tired one. "You're gonna give me a heart attack."

"You're a Phenex. You can't have a heart attack."

"Shut up! Just shut up! Don't talk!" She pointed at him angrily.

"I-"

"SHUT UP!" She screamed, making him flinch, admittedly intimidated at her unusual outburst. "Just let me think in silence. Please."

He'd never seen her so mad before.

Riser looked away with an upset look, feeling a bit guilty for his actions, though he'd never admit it to anybody. Okay, he did fuck up, he'll admit that. He didn't know who the girl was, but maybe he should've done some research before going to Kuoh.

Still, she shouldn't have blown up on him like that. Seriously, how was he supposed to know? It's not his fault.

"Okay, look." Ravel sighed in frustration after a minute. "Tomorrow, you and I will both go to the human world to apologize to the Amamiya Girl. Lady Serafall made it clear enough that you don't have another choice in this."

"...Alright." He responded with a nod as a silent moment passed.

"Good." Ravel rubbed his eyes. "Good. Let's just go home now."

Yeah, home sounded real nice right about now.
Angry Serafall is so much fun to write. Is she OOC? Probably. Do I care? No.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Mufarasu, Spooks451 and 307 others
Mirlnir
Jun 2, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 18: 10-S-KO
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 24, 2022
Add bookmark
#330
I'm almost regretting wearing this oversized hoodie right now because holy fuck it's hot out here. I have my reasons, and I could be paranoid, but I really don't want anyone questioning my improved physique right now. There is literally no good answer to that. I want to hide this for a couple of days at least, weeks at most, because I have one thing going for me, and that's the genetic excuse.

Both of my parents can eat a family's worth of food in one sitting each and consistently for weeks, and still easily maintain great and healthy bodies when I know for certain that my mother barely exercises anymore. She takes a two-hour jog every once in a while and magically burns off all the weight she gained in a month.

It's insane now that think I about it, but I doubt genetics is a good excuse either. It might work on Ichiban or the devils, but my mother will easily see through it and get even more suspicious. Regardless, keeping up with baggy clothes for maybe a few weeks to a month should be enough. The harder I "train" the less time I need. Probably.

The heat is still killing me. Thank god the theaters had good air conditioning. Don't think I could've survived otherwise.

"You look like you're about to die," Mizuki says offhandedly as the two of us take the lead.

Issei and Ichiban were right behind us, excitedly talking about the movie with Asia walking next to them, barely keeping up with the conversation. She understands Japanese well enough to know what they're mostly saying, but isn't as good at speaking. Given enough time and exposure to the language will help her, though. I'd rather not explain everything to her in English.

She does look like she's having fun at least.

"Because I am."

"Your fault for not changing into something lighter." She responds, sipping from her cola. "I get the whole strip uno thing back there, but I didn't think you'd be too lazy to change. That's not like you."

"I just didn't feel like it." I wave it off. "Besides, I didn't have anything nice to wear."

"Right, most of your clothes are back in Kiyoraha." She nods, smirking a second later. "Well, your fault for not taking my offer to go shopping. You could've ended up lookin' sharp like your cool Kaa-san, but alas."

Glancing at her, I begin to think that my dress code was partly influenced by her after all. I've never seen my mother wear a skirt, or anything all that feminine for that matter. When at home, it's always T-shirts and jeans. When going out, like right now, she literally just adds a jacket and shades.

…Yeah, I'm definitely influenced by her fashion sense alright. Both of us gravitate towards 'cool' more than 'pretty'.

"I'll admit, you do look sharp in that," I say honestly, prompting her to pause in surprise.

"Wait, really?" She takes off her shades to look at me. "Do you mean that?"

"Yeah. I've always liked your style." I raise a brow. "Have I not mentioned it before?"

"T-this is the first ever time you called me 'cool'." She whispered. "Is this a dream?"

"Stop exaggerating." I shove her playfully. "If you're free later tonight, I'll take you up on that shopping offer."

"Hell yes! Oh, we're gonna have so much fun~!" She squeals in delight, hugging my arm. "I missed going out with you~"

"You're too close, get off."

"Eeeh? But I don't want to–"

"Alright, I'll just order clothes online, then."

"O-okay, okay, no more hugs. Point made. Sheesh," She backs off, changing the subject. "So have you decided on dinner yet? I'm getting kinda hungry."

"No," I respond, pausing for a second. "Ichi and I decided to do a little challenge about that actually."

"Oh?"

"Oi, Ichiban." I turn around and get his attention. "You haven't forgotten what we talked about earlier today, right?"

"Heh, 'course not." He smirks, cracking his knuckles. "I've been really looking forward to it."

"Eh?" Issei looks between us. "What's this all about?"

"We're gonna spar. The winner gets to choose dinner, and the loser pays for it." He explains. "And I'm just saying, we're gonna be eating reaal nice tonight."

"Yeah, agreed," I smirk back. "You'll regret picking up this fight, Ichi. Give up now, and I'll spare your wallet."

"You fuckin' wish."

"Ooh, that sounds exciting~" My mother quips. "My awesome daughter versus a Longinus wielder. Hold on, let me call your uncle. Akiyama needs to see this."

While watching the movie, I devised multiple plans for this fight, but unfortunately, they all require a quick KO. Ichi can outlast me with his Boosted Gear, but that's only if I waste too much time. It was worrying at first with my limited options, but I think I have a great plan to deal with him.

Attacking head-on is dumb, he'll see it coming and he'd be faster than me, so he'll have a massive advantage. But with my surprisingly versatile ice magic, I can win through trickery and quick thinking.

Like I said before, my ice magic is insanely strong, so one direct hit is all I need to knock him out, and while the same could be said for him, Ichi is basically a one-trick pony. He doesn't have any other option. Just charge, throw a punch and hope for the best.

So I'll have to play dirty if I want to win, ending the fight as soon as it starts without giving him any chance to retaliate. He won't be expecting me to go for an immediate knockout. However, if my first assault fails, I'm fucked, because then he'd be far more on guard. By the second boost, I'll be at a severe disadvantage.

What I'm also worried about is how he'll react. Ichi might not be the sharpest tool in the shed overall, but he genuinely knows how to fight, even before learning martial arts. Dirty fighting is the bread and butter for former street brawlers like us. He'd see through my trickery if I'm not careful enough. I'm confident in my plan, though. The quicker I move, the harder it is for him to retaliate and respond correctly.

I can do this.

I'm getting that damned Legendary Tier token, and nobody can stop me.


– Ichiban Kasuga –

If there was one thing he'd openly admit, it'd be how friggin' pumped he was for the duel. It was honestly kinda hard to pay attention to the movie with the thought at the back of his head, he was that excited.

Ichiban wouldn't say he was some kind of a fighting junkie or anything, but he'd be lying if he said he hadn't developed a fondness for fighting. He had lived in Kamurocho since birth, and once he hit twelve years old – yes, twelve – he finally began fighting for real.

That hellhole of a town was fucking cursed. There were so many fucking thugs and delinquents always either harassing civilians or picking up fights with each other.
So many 'gangs' would be created and destroyed in the span of a few years. Hell, he and Akane destroyed one themselves at some point. The Keihin Gang or something.

So he knew that even without her magic, Akane was a fierce fighter for sure. Their first fight ended in a stalemate because they were interrupted, and thinking about it now, they never really fought again. Not even to settle the score.

So when she suggested that they spar together, and he replied with his jokingly smug response, things snowballed and now he had a chance to prove that he could've won that fight they had years ago. He never wanted to hit girls and was raised not to, but Akane was an exception.

Fuck's sake, she fought better than most of the adults he beat up when he was a street rat. If anything, he viewed her as more than just a best friend. She was his rival, and maybe somewhat of a leader, too.

He must say, though, he was very looking forward to punching that smug look off her face. Even right now, she still had that casual yet infuriating smirk on her, as if she knew what he was thinking right now. She didn't look one bit worried, and that kinda made him frustrated.

What, why was she looking at him like that? Why was she so confident? Did she not see him as a threat? No, that couldn't be it. Knowing her, she just wanted to get under his skin and make him fuck up. He knew she liked her mind games.

"Ichi, one final warning." She said, standing at the other side of the docks, right in front of their warehouse secret base. "Give up."

"Fuck that." He scoffed, mirroring her smirk. "Why would I give up when I know I can kick your ass? Knowing your cheap ass, you'd make me pay for some shitty fast food restaurant. I want something fancy and treat everyone here. With your money."

"You know, you losing would still mean I would be paying." She retorted, crossing her arms. "Remember the hundred grand? Don't tell me you spent all of it already."

"T-that's still my money!" He weakly protested.

"Is it though?" She tilted her head. "Is it really?"

"You gave it to me, thus it's now mine." He argued, more calmly this time as he glanced at the audience. Mizuki, Akiyama, Issei, and Asia all looked at him with varying degrees of emotions, ranging from pity to disgust. "...You're making me look like an idiot."

"You don't need my help for that." She shrugged. "You already have that afro."

"Oh, it's on now, you smug bitch." He muttered to himself, getting into his stance.

"Struck a nerve, did I?" She giggled, doing the same.

"Alright, are both of you done trash-talking and ready to fight?" Akiyama called out to them, making them nod. "Three, two, one, fight!"

Ichiban quickly summoned his gauntlet as he rushed forward, feeling so much stronger as the first second of the battle passed. Akane's smirk disappeared, replaced with a focused frown as she simply stood there waiting for him.

Ichiban expected her ice weaponry to appear around her, aiming to skewer him while defending her, or she'd use her wing spell to gain a distance. He already had a counter to those, which was simply charging through weapons. They'd hurt, but Akane wouldn't be using any lethal force, and he was confident enough to know he could tank them.

Akane also wouldn't be using that bullet spell because try as she might, it was hard not to make it lethal. She's overconfident in her spells, and wouldn't be expecting him to go through them like a lunatic. One good hit is all he needs to turn this match in his favor. As soon as the second boost hits, he wins. Even that wing spell wouldn't help her, because all he'd need to do is dodge for the next ten seconds and gain the third boost.

However, to his surprise, Akane didn't do either of the actions he anticipated. Instead, she crouched and created a wall in front of her. From said wall, the ground around it began to turn into ice faster than he could react, and once it reached his foot, it sprouted a crystal cage of some sort that held him in place.

"What the hell?!" He grunted, actually struggling to break the thing.

Right before he broke it, a thick and freezing mist began to surround him, so much so that he found it difficult to breathe, and almost impossible to see. Ichi broke the ice cage around his foot, looking around for his opponent. He calmed his breathing, as hard as that was, and focused on his sense of hearing.

He heard something approach from behind, twirling around and ready to throw a punch, however, another ice cage encased his leg, catching him off guard. Ichi flinched as he saw the blunted tip of a blade approach his chest. He only barely managed to evade the attack, but it was then when he noticed around a dozen of ice arrows and spears surrounding him.

Even then, he smirked, as he mentally counted to ten.

"BOOST!"

Acting quickly, Ichiban slammed his foot on the ground, the shockwave from that shattering all the ice weaponry heading towards him as well as the sword his opponent was holding. He threw a devastating punch at Akane, a victorious smile blooming on his face… right until his fist made contact with knight armor made of ice, shattering it instantly. His breath hitched and his eyes widened in panic as he looked around for his real opponent.

Oh…

From the corner of his eyes, he noticed his best friend almost right next to him, the biggest and smuggest smirk on her face as she swung a hammer made of ice at his face. He was too busy with the many distractions to hear or even notice her approaching.

Ooooooh…

There was no way he could dodge, not when she was so close and in the middle of swinging her hammer. This fucking girl came up with a near-perfect strategy in less than a day and easily pulled it off. He played right into her hands, and he had no one but himself to blame.

All Ichiban could do now is to brace himself for the painful hammer strike that was about to probably render him unconscious, and so he did by grimacing and shutting his eyes right before the ice spell made contact.

Well played.

He didn't know whose laughter it was that echoed in his head, but he really wanted to strangle them to death.



– Akane Amamiya –

For the record, my ever-widening smile isn't because of Ichi's unconscious body right next to my feet, even if that ultimately led to the actual reason. It was the jump in power I just experienced from the quest I completed.

[Currents Too Great to Overcome]

Objective: Defeat Ichiban Kasuga in a sparring match

Bonus Objective: Knock out Ichiban Kasuga in 30 seconds

Rewards: +50 to all stats, Moderate EXP, unlock affection for Ichiban Kasuga, 1 Epic Gacha Token, 2500 Credits

Bonus Rewards: +100 to all stats, Massive EXP, Greatly increase affection with Ichiban Kasuga, Legendary Gacha Token, [Forever a Leader] Perk, 5000 Credits

I knew it would fucking work! Fuck yes, my genius is unparalleled! The sheer amount of stats I've gained through this little quest is insane– on top of my double stat increase, this was an easy 300 to everything. I feel absolutely fantastic.

I was a bit doubtful and anxious earlier but it looks like those feelings were unfounded. Hell, I didn't even need thirty seconds. The fight ended in ten seconds. Ten fucking seconds were all I needed to knock this dumbass out.

Now I have five new perks, four of them being stat milestones, a solid 100 increase in STR due maxing out Ichi's rep, and a Legendary Gacha Token, which could be anything. From a busted power to a bullshit weapon. God, I need to open it right fucking now.

But disappearing off the face of the earth isn't a good idea at the moment. Still need to show off my victory to the rest before I can fuck around in a dungeon and test out my new powers. Ugh, the anticipation is killing me though.

With a flick of my hand, the cold mist around us disperses, revealing me to be the victor. My mother, Asia, and Issei look at me with sparkly eyes of either pride or admiration, while my uncle nods with a smile.

Asia and Issei rush towards me, the former kneeling next to Ichiban to heal him as the latter asks me all kinds of questions. Honestly, I'm not even mad or annoyed at him as he keeps pestering me, not when I'm on cloud nine.

"What the hell was that?!" He asks, looking between me and Ichiban. "That was some- some Akuma shit! We couldn't see the fight at all, and suddenly he's down on his ass out cold and you're all smug about it!"

"What, disappointed you couldn't see what happened?" I raise a brow, kinda enjoying the look of pure admiration on his face.

"I-I mean, yeah, a bit, but at the same time, that was fuckin' awesome!" His eyes shine with awe. "How'd you do that?!"

"Nothing special. I just used my head." I tap on my forehead. "I knew I needed to end the fight quickly or he'd overwhelm me with boosts, and charging head-on sounded dumb when I know for certain he's stronger and faster than me."

"So you used trickery." My uncle continues off for me. "Solid plan, Even if I don't know what exactly happened in there, I got the gist of it."

"Remember kids, fighting dirty can and will save your life." My mother adds, with Issei looking like he's taking the lesson to heart. "Fighting with some code of honor, while admirable, isn't a good idea in a fight to the death."

"Understood, Mizuki-san." Issei nods seriously, then looks back at me. "For real though, what happened? You gotta tell us!"

"Sure, I don't mind." I shrug before pausing. "...After I'm done with my bathroom break."

"...W-were you holding it in the middle of the fight?" My mother looks at me weirdly. "Why didn't you go before the duel started?"

"Extra bragging rights."

"Of course." Akiyama shakes his head in exasperation. "Well, alright. We'll nurse Ichiban and wait for him to wake up while you take your time doing your business."

I flash everyone one last proud grin before rushing towards the bathroom inside the warehouse, knowing that there aren't any cameras or anything inside after my uncle made it clear that the Tojo Clan isn't made up of perverts, and can actually respect people's privacy. Of course, that's not exactly what I'm worried about– since getting the system, I didn't need to use the bathroom once.

Once I'm inside, I lock the door behind me and use ID Create, planes of reality shifting and changing. I exit the bathroom once I'm inside the dungeon, almost skipping a step from my excitement. The zombies aren't the best thing to use my new powers against, so I'm pretty limited in testing, but that's not important. Right now, I want to see my stats and use my Tokens.

First, my overall power and new perks.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 110

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Swordmaster - LVL 10/100 [48%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 7/100 [8%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 9000 [600 per minute]

MP - 13,420 [7944 per minute]

SP - 9000 [600 per minute]

STR - 800

END - 600

DEX - 760

INT - 1342

WIS - 1324

CHA - 690

LUK – 490

[Mighty Muscles] – Perk – 500 STR

Your strength is beyond what your current muscles are capable of producing, as such, your melee strikes pack a much bigger punch than what one would expect. Your enemies are in for a world of hurt.

All physical attacks deal 25% more damage

[Heart of Toughness] – Perk – 500 END

Your heart pumps stronger blood in a higher quantity, giving all your organs a powerful layer of defense and more energy to your whole body. You're a bit harder to kill than normal.

HP and SP are increased by 50%

[Quick and Precise] – Perk – 500 DEX

With your supernatural dexterity, your precision has gone up significantly, and all of your projectile attacks are much faster than before. Nothing can escape your aim now.

You have perfect aim, and all projectiles, magical or otherwise, are 20% faster.

[Villainous Aura] – Perk – 500 CHA

You exude the presence of a terrifying villain, capable of even intimidating enemies who are more powerful than you. Perhaps playing the part would help in that regard, a supervillain must be presentable after all.

Intimidation checks are three times more effective, and intimidated victims suffer a 15% decrease in all stats.

Note: This perk is tied to your alignment

[Forever a Leader] – Perk

Perhaps it's instinct, or possibly a supernatural force, but most allies will always look up to you as their leader, getting advice from you or listening to your words more seriously.

Increase reputation and loyalty gain by 25%

This perk does not work when there's an official leader present.

God, so many perks for a single, tiny quest. The one that's most interesting is the Charisma perk. So if I'm good or neutral, would I get a different perk? I'm guessing something like Heroic Aura for a good alignment, but I'm not sure what I'd get if I was neutral.

I still find it weird that the Game immediately put me in the 'evil' category. I haven't done anything bad since I first reincarnated. Sure, I thought about it, but it's not like I'm about to actually go and kill Rias or something, even if I hate her. That'd just turn out horribly for everyone involved.

I don't know, is it those guys that I killed back in Kiyohara? That was arguably in self-defense, I did nothing wrong. I mean, I don't think I could've beaten them without magic since they all had better physical stats than me, even if I've fought bigger and stronger before.

…Huh, now that I think about it. All of my stats were at a 10 when I woke up that night, but before that, I knew for certain that I was unnaturally strong for a girl my age. Did the Game maybe reset my stats to average?

I'd ask and complain about that, but honestly, I don't care right now. I have the tokens to open up now. One Epic and one Legendary. I'm using the worse one first because you always save the best for last.

With a snap, the stick gets replaced with a small bag of… bullets?

[Endless Golden Bullet Pouch] – Item

A magic item holding an infinite amount of golden bullets. Put it on your person and never worry about reloading or running out of ammo ever again!

Golden Bullets deal 750 damage.

Oooh, that's a really good item for sure. I wish it was silver bullets to pair with Angel's Sorrow for its bonus, but this is awesome too. Infinite ammo is one thing, but not even needing to reload? That's even a better function than not needing to worry about ammo.

Alright, now for the big one. God, I'm so excited~

I take out the token, anxious and eager to see what I'll be getting. I'm not someone who usually has high expectations, but I can't help it this time. If epic tier got me an infinite bullet pouch, what can the tier above it do?

Not being able to hold my anticipation any longer, I snap the token, getting a new skill notice that almost made my eyes bulge out of my skull. I read the notice a few more times, rub my eyes in disbelief, then read it one more time to confirm what I'm seeing.

Oh.

[Devour] – Legendary Skill

Souls of the living shiver in your presence, deathly afraid of what you're capable of. An insanely strong yet utterly heinous power– the power to devour the souls of your victims, is in your hands.

You're able to absorb or 'devour' the souls of living entities, restoring all your HP, MP, and SP back to full, gaining their most powerful skill and 20% of their stats.

The method requires you to be close to the victim, thrusting your hand in their heart after activating the skill, pulling out the soul and crushing it. It must be the finishing blow, as you're not able to take the souls out of corpses. If the target is near equal or superior in strength, they must be weakened enough for the skill to work.

Note: Dungeon monsters will not give skills or stats but will restore your HP, MP, and SP.

Devour 50 Souls to upgrade this skill [0/50]

What the fuck?

That's… can that even be considered Legendary? This is beyond broken. Feels it should be two tiers above it, even with the restrictions kept in mind, because this is the first non-mastery skill that I can actually upgrade. Who knows how strong this skill can become if I focus on upgrading it.

This is a game changer, but at the same time, it's dangerous. I can't be seen casually using it– Killing is one thing, devouring their very souls is something entirely different. I don't know how others would react to me using this on anyone, even enemies. Nobody has to know about this skill.

I should use it wisely.

After a minute of thinking, I begin a wave of zombies. Slowly, they enter the warehouse and approach me. I don't know if it'll work against the undead since they're basically corpses, but I'm hoping it does. I want to at least know what it looks like.

I look at my right hand, pale skin turning pitch-black as some terrifying, otherworldly energy envelops it. I know it's harmless considering it's mine, but I couldn't help but flinch. This feels very disturbing, I almost instinctively turned it off even.

I clench and unclench my fist as the black aura reaches up to my elbow. It doesn't hurt or feel weird at least.

As the first zombie gets a little close, I thrust my arm at it, cleanly going through its chest. I expected blood and gore to splatter and ruin my outfit, but that didn't happen. It's as if my hand phased through it, yet at the same time, I still feel like I'm grabbing something.

With a grunt, I pull it out. The zombie immediately collapses on the ground as a tiny white flame dances on the palm of my hand. Is this… what souls look like? So to gain someone's powers, I just have to crush this?

Without hesitation, I close my fist on the soul, hearing a small cracking noise before a faint whistle echoes out in the warehouse. I don't pay much attention to those, however, as I feel a sudden feeling of vigor course through my body, and it feels wonderful.

I rush towards the other zombies, doing the same thing as a smile slowly begins to bloom on my face. Once all the zombies were killed, I deactivate the skill. As I expected, dungeon monsters don't count as 'Souls' in the skill upgrade objective, which should've been obvious.I don't feel more powerful, but it's like all the exhaustion within me just disappeared, even if I wasn't tired in the first place.

It's addicting.

If this is what it feels like on dungeon monsters, then what would happen once I use it on someone for real? It's kinda scary to think about, knowing I could lose myself to this power, but at the same time, I'm just so damn curious.

I shake those thoughts out of my head. That's a dangerous line of thinking. I shouldn't be using this skill without thinking, even if it felt incredible. I don't want everyone turning against me once they know I can devour the souls of others.

With the new powers tested, I run back to the bathroom and lock the door behind me. I've spent a little too much time playing with my powers. If I don't go back now, they'd notice that something is off. Time doesn't stop when I use I.D Create after all.

I don't know if the system malfunctioned and gave me something way too damn powerful, or all Legendary tokens give something equally absurd.

But I think I hit the jackpot with that one.



– Shun Akiyama –

Witnessing a duel between Akane and Ichiban wasn't how he expected his day was gonna go, and he certainly didn't think it would end so quickly. He had trained both kids, he knew most of their strengths and weaknesses. He expected a much closer fight and even thought Ichiban was gonna win in the end, but perhaps he underestimated his niece.

Akane had always been a sharp one, she could think fast as long as her anger didn't blind her, but against a Longinus class Sacred Gear when she herself was a beginner, he wouldn't have expected it to be enough. But once again, she surprised them as she relied on wit and trickery to win a fight she couldn't win through sheer overwhelming force, which was her preferred method. It was quite something alright.

Now he understood why she was so confident the whole time. What she pulled off was generally unexpected from her. Sure, she fought dirty most of the time, but to fully count on a quick, unpredictable knockout wasn't something she'd usually do.

But maybe knowing that she couldn't win via overwhelming power was what forced her to think outside the box. This was the quality of a natural-born warrior. Maybe the Amon blood ran stronger than what he or Mizuki thought.

Of course, that wasn't the only indication. Akane was a terrifyingly fast learner, so much so that she already perfected her stance in such a short amount of time. She'd observe him sparring with Issei or Ichiban and immediately pick up his own moves, using them on him in their training.

He slowly began to understand what Majima was on about when he spoke about her. This sparring match even proved him right somewhat.

It was an instant and nearly untraceable, but her magic spiked right at the end of the match, likely when she landed the finishing strike. Akane seemed to be masking her energy, probably to throw off Ichiban which worked out in the end, but that sudden and faint increase of her magic was something he caught on, and likely so did Mizuki.

He didn't know what to think about it. Sure, Akane becoming better and stronger was something he was hoping for, but people don't just get stronger like this in the middle of a short sparring match. That was completely unnatural.

What caused that spike in power?

And Akane seemed to act as if nothing happened. Did she know, or is she genuinely oblivious to the change in her magic? He couldn't tell, nothing from how she was acting suggested that she knew about it. Asking her directly wasn't the right move, he'd rather not make her suspicious of them or look like an idiot.

He shook his head as he exited the warehouse, closing the door behind him. He quickly spotted Mizuki leaning right next to the door, a lit cigarette between her fingers and a face deep in thought.

"So what'd you think?" He asked her, prompting her to look at him. "About the fight I mean."

"Heh, of course, I knew Akane would win, even against the Red Dragon Emperor. She's my flesh and blood after all." Mizuki smirked, puffing her chest in pride. "Was never a matter of if, only when."

"Not a shred of doubt?"

"Nu-uh, I knew she'd win the moment I saw how confident she looked." She said. "I know my daughter well enough to recognize when she's showing bravado, and when she actually has a plan."

"Oh? And what's the difference."

"She'd exaggerate her confidence if she was worried and trash talk a lot more," Mizuki answered. "It's kinda obvious when you see it."

"Well, she's definitely gonna be trash-talking when Ichiban wakes up," Akiyama said. "Poor kid won't hear the end of it from her. A ten-second knockout is one hell of a way to hurt a man's pride."

"Kukuku~ I'm not letting it go either~"

"You two are a menace."

With a sigh, he took out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it up with a flick, waiting for Mizuki to answer his real question. A moment of silence passed between the two friends, both of them thinking about what that fight could mean, and how it possibly affected Akane.

Mizuki didn't seem as worried as he was, her facial expressions and tone told him so, so he wanted to know what this was about exactly.

"I don't think that's related to her Amon bloodline or anything." She said. "She doesn't seem to be sinking into the Amon Mindset, not as much anyhow. This seems related to how Akane grows in strength."

"What do you mean?"

"Her growth process is weird, and once I realized it, it brought up more questions than it answered anything, to be honest with you." She sighed. "She's exponentially growing stronger, that much is obvious, but going through the same method over and over doesn't seem to work. It doesn't just slow down, but outright stops even."

He frowned.

"Now that you mention it…"

"Skill-wise, she does become better, but physical and magical power doesn't move an inch unless the method is new. It's extremely odd." Mizuki continued. "It seems like some sort of adaptability. The harder the challenge, the more she gains out of it. However, if she's already adapted–"

"It's useless to her." He nodded, finishing the sentence. "Yeah, that is weird. So the Amon clan don't have that adaptability?"

"No, or at least, not to that degree. Akane's is a souped-up version. Whereas it took me weeks to months to adapt, Akane only needs a few hours to a day." She said. "And unlike her, we can still get better even if we already adapt to a specific training method, while she gets no returns at all. I don't know if her Yuki Onna blood synergized with the Amon bloodline much better than mine, but it at least answers the question of how she's been getting so strong so quickly."

"True, but I don't think we have a way of confirming it. Not yet at least." Akiyama responded.

"Yup, all we can do is speculate. I have hopes that one day Akane will come clean and tell me everything, so I won't pry any further than this." Mizuki shrugged. "What matters is that none of the mental changes seem to be there. As long as Akane never gets that damned urge, I think she should be left alone to grow on her own."

So Majima's insane method, as much as he hated to admit it, was the best for someone like Akane. Issei and Ichi could grow physically more powerful the more experienced they were with their Sacred Gears, so there's no need to throw them to the wolves, but Akane wasn't gonna get more powerful with this safer method.

He held his tongue, though. Saying that to Mizuki's face would only result in him having to use Suzaku to regenerate his balls. He already had to do that once, and it wasn't fun.

"Well, that's enough smoking for today." She said, freezing the cigarette solid before crushing it into tiny particles. "You better stop or you're gonna ruin your lungs."

The irony wasn't lost on either of them as she said that of course..

"You better stop drinking or you're gonna ruin your kidneys."

"I'm immune to poison, you fool." She said proudly, entering the warehouse after muttering the next sentence. "Assassin clans for the win~"

He scoffed playfully and shook his head with a smile.

A menace indeed.

Shorter than usual, and I would've written one more scene, but I think having that be the opening scene to the next one sounded better. Duel, while didn't last long, was fun to write.

And finally, Akane's most powerful weapon is finally here. Devour is a very important skill narratively as well. You'll see what I mean later in the fic.

Also, I have made a new fic titled "Draconic Impact" currently only exclusive to my discord server. You can check it out here. It'll be posted here eventually though. Probably. Maybe.
Last edited: Jul 24, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot and 269 others
Mirlnir
Jul 24, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 19: Two-Week Set Up
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Aug 5, 2022
Add bookmark
#337
– Ichiban Kasuga –

With a pained groan, Ichiban slowly opened his eyes as the heavy, uncomfortable air filled his lungs. He coughed sharply, eyes watering as thick smoke hit his face. He didn't know what was happening, but the heat was unbearable. He felt like he was being cooked alive.

Slowly, he got hold of his bearings, standing on his two feet as he looked around in bewilderment. Raging flames surrounded him with nothing else in sight, no matter where he looked. There was only fire.

"W-what the hell?" He muttered, feeling a little intimidated. Where was he? Where is everyone?

The last thing he remembered was Akane tricking him in that fight. She probably knocked him unconscious with that hammer of hers. How long was he out for? Was this some shitty prank they're pulling on him?

"Alright, har har, you can come out now!" He called out, internally knowing that they wouldn't pull shit like this, but he had to make sure. "This isn't funny, you guys."

Pranking him when he's out cold was one thing, but surrounding him with so much fire in the middle of nowhere was another. That's reckless and stupid, and Ichiban knew his best friend well enough that she wouldn't let anyone do this. Akane was the smarter one of the two.

So if it wasn't them, then where was he and what was he doing here? Was this some kind of dream he was having? Maybe, but what exactly did it mean? Dreams have meanings sometimes, right? They're usually related to your memories last he heard. But he doesn't remember anything like this.

And it's not like he could explore the place. There's fire everywhere, and from what he can see, there's literally nothing else. Fire, fire, more fire, a giant dragon, fire–

Ichiban paused, eyes almost bulging out of his skull as he noticed the massive red dragon that he was sure wasn't there a minute ago. The dragon grinned as its green eyes met Ichiban's gray ones, steam coming out of its snout as it snorted.

Ichiban couldn't move, frozen in fear and awe at the behemoth in front of him. Size was one thing, but this overwhelming feeling of power almost suffocated him. He'd never seen an actual dragon before, so he didn't expect to be overpowered by its presence alone.

If this was actually a dream, then it's one hell of a realistic one.

"To think that someone as pathetic as you would be my host," It spoke, its voice causing the flames to intensify. "What a disappointment."

Ichiban, being who he was, didn't have a filter and scowled deeply.

"The fuck did you just say, you overgrown gecko?!"

As his brain caught up with what he just said, Ichiban's eyes widened as he put both hands over his mouth in horror. He shivered in fear as the dragon's gaze sharpened, looking quite surprised at his response.

Fuck fuck fuck fuck! He panicked. Oh god, why the hell did I say that?! I'm so dead!

For the next minute, there was nothing but pure, agonizing silence. Ichiban was sweating bullets as the dragon lowered its head to his level, the steam from its snout pushing him a few steps back. Ichiban managed to stay on his feet, not averting his eyes from the judging gaze of the giant red dragon.

"You dare?" The dragon asked with an even tone. "Do you know who I am, boy?"

Ichiban had two thoughts running in his head right now. One: Apologize and ask for forgiveness before he's turned into ashes, which is probably the better option, as the second one required him to double down because his pride doesn't want him to say sorry.

He wasn't some pussy that'd apologize for something that wasn't his fault. It was the dragon who started it, not him. He had only responded like a regular person probably would, which would be a lie to say because sane people would've run away by now.

Then again, he was basing 'regular person' on his best friend, who in hindsight, wasn't really that sane either. What was he supposed to do? Actually, wait, this was a dream, wasn't it? Yes, thinking logically about it, how would a sparring match with Akane end up with him in front of a dragon?

Yeah, it just didn't make sense when he thought about it. Unless his friends dropped him off at some dragon's lair for shits and giggles, which he doubted, there's no logical explanation for this frankly insane situation. Where would they even find a dragon in the first place? A western dragon?

On that note, confidence filled Ichiban as he raised his hands in a stance. So what if this dragon can eat him? He'll just wake up from this nightmare and move on with his life as if nothing happened. So if he's gonna go down by pissing off a dragon, then he'll go down fighting with his bare hands if he had to.

"Nah, and I don't give a shit," He responded. "I just hope you're ready for the worst ass-kicking in your life."

"You? Beat me?" The dragon narrowed its eyes.

"Yeah, that's right, I'll beat the living fuck out of you," Ichiban grinned, throwing a shadow punch. "Don't you know? Dragons are always defeated by humans, and this isn't gonna be any different. Come on, bring it!"

Another moment of silence passed as Ichiban waited for his enemy's first attack, but to his surprise, the dragon only snorted, then began to laugh hard as he raised his head up. The boisterous chortle shook the very ground they stood on as the fires roared in response as if to laugh with him.

Ichiban almost fell on his ass from that alone, barely standing on his two feet as he glared at the dragon. What? What was so funny? Was it making fun of him? Didn't it know that it's his dream they're in? Well, obviously, but it's about to get its ass handed to it.

"I dunno what you're laughing about–" Ichiban narrowed his eyes. "But you're about to regret it, you oversized gecko."

If he remembered correctly, you can do whatever the fuck you want when you're lucid dreaming, so with his vast imagination, Ichiban closed his eyes and tried to summon some sword, an Excalibur. He'd show it not to mess with him.

…Only for nothing to happen.

Ichiban frowned in confusion as he tried to use more brainpower to do what he wanted to do, but to no avail. Nervous sweat began to build up as he struggled to make something in desperation. Come on, anything would be fine. Spears, guns, anything!

"Interesting!" The dragon roared as it finally calmed down. "No host ever responded to me like this before! Perhaps I was wrong about you."

"Huh?" Ichiban opened his eyes, tilting his head at the dragon. "What do you mean?"

"You're the first ever host to challenge me to a fight right after meeting me," It clarified, in a much better mood than before. "I do not know if you're that stupid or courageous, but you've impressed me regardless."

Ichiban wasn't sure if this was meant to be an insult or a compliment, but he decided that it's the latter.

"Thanks?" He blinked, still unsure of what was happening. "...Mr. Dragon?"

…Are they friends now or what? He was ready for a fight, but the vibe kind of changed.

"Hmph, I suppose introductions are in order," The dragon said, spreading its wings. "I am Y Ddraig Goch, the Red Dragon of Domination, and the one residing inside your Boosted Gear."

As the dragon introduced himself, Akane's words about his Boosted Gear rushed back to his mind. Yes, he remembered now. She had told him about his Gear after the fight with the Fallen Angels, and how one of the most powerful beings in history was imprisoned inside it.

With this new perspective, Ichiban's eyes sparkled like a child in a candy store. So this was the Red Dragon Emperor?! His supposed 'partner'? That was so cool! He didn't know what Ddraig really looked like, but Ichiban hadn't expected him to be so damn big!

"Woaaaaah…" He breathed in awe. "That's so awesome! I never thought I'd actually meet you in person! Oh, uh, sorry, I'm Ichiban Kasuga, but you can just call me Ichi. Nice to meet you, man!"

Ddraig had an odd expression as Ichiban greeted him casually, huffing a response.

"I sense not a shred of fear in you, only awe. Interesting indeed," He said. "Perhaps what I saw was a mere fluke."

"A fluke?"

"Your duel against that woman," He explained. "You've had the advantage in nearly every way, yet she managed to outwit and defeat you. Why is that?"

"Ah, yeah, her," Ichiban rubbed his neck sheepishly. "I know, I was supposed to win, but I didn't really expect Akane to trick me like that, even if I should've. God, I'm such an idiot."

"Hmm…" Ddraig scratched his chin. "So you've gotten arrogant with my power, and that cost you the match."

"I guess, yeah," He sighed. "I definitely thought the Boosted Gear would've brought me the win, and didn't really expect Akane to have a plan around it."

"With the great power I have, you've forgone strategy and relied on strength alone. I suppose it's understandable, you are young, a hatchling," He continued, lightly tapping on Ichiban's head with his claw. "However, if you want me to accept you as my partner, then you'll have to do better. Am I clear?"

"Crystal," Ichiban saluted with a determined look. "Next time, I'll be the one winning the duel, and that's a promise."

"Good," Ddraig grinned. "I sense much potential within you, human. Prove to me that you're worthy of being my partner, and I'll lend you more of my power."

"You got it, man," Ichiban mirrored the grin and threw a thumbs up. "...So uh, now what?"

"Now you wake up."

"Wha–"

Before Ichiban could even process what the dragon said, he felt a head-splitting migraine that almost knocked him out then and there. The world swirled around him as he fell to his knees, vision getting blurry and slowly blackening.

"W-what the hell…" He grunted, looking at Ddraig and grimacing in pain. "What's… going on…?"

"You're waking up," The dragon said. "This won't be the last time we meet, human. You'll still be able to talk to me through telepathy. Just think about contacting me and I'll respond. If I feel like it."

With that, Ichiban slowly lost consciousness, the giant dragon fading away into nothing as his vision turned black.


"Uuugh…" With a groan, Ichiban struggled to open his eyes, his head still dizzy from whatever the fuck happened in that dream world. "Where…What…"

Blinking a few times, his vision adjusted to the light of the warehouse. He flinched at the headache he was feeling, hissing in pain as he scanned his surroundings. He was on the second floor of the warehouse, seemingly laying on the couch.

…That was a kick-ass dream just now, and he weirdly can remember it very clearly. Perhaps it really wasn't a dream, then. It seemed too specific to be one, with it being about his Sacred Gear that he just unlocked recently.

The realization made him feel sick. Did he just try to pick a fight with a fucking Heavenly Dragon?!

"Morning, sunshine," His best friend said, making him flinch. "Had a good sleep?"

"No," He responded with a grunt as he sat up. "My head hurts so much."

He met his friend's eyes, seeing her on the other side of the big couch with a One Piece manga in her hands. He rubbed the back of his head as he looked for the rest, noticing that nobody was in the warehouse other than them.

"My bad, couldn't afford to hold back on that," Akane said with a grin, not looking one bit apologetic, which prompted him to scoff. "Come on, you can't be mad at me. I'm cute."

"Yeah, yeah, whatever," He sighed. "Where's everyone?"

"Oji-san left, saying he had some work to do, while everyone else went to get dinner," She answered. "Pizza, if you're wondering."

"Oh goddamn it," He groaned. "Why couldn't you have chosen something else?"

"Oi, you have something against pizza?"

"We just ate pizza not long ago!" He argued as she glared at him. "I wanted sushi damn it…"

"Well, maybe win the duel next time," She gloated with a smug grin. "You can say goodbye to your wallet, too."

A long, drawn-out groan left his mouth as he covered his face in despair.

"Ugh, the next few weeks are gonna suck," He said weakly. "Why did I accept the duel?"

"Aw, don't be all sad about it. It's just money," She patted his head.

"That's easy for you to say!" He snapped, slapping her hand away. "Damn it, the captain is gonna beat the shit out of me if he finds out what happened."

As he stewed in his own misery, Ichiban thought about ways to prevent himself from looking like an idiot when his Boss asked him about his allowance. Arakawa, bless his kind soul, would probably laugh it off and give him more money, but he didn't want to be troublesome to him.

Plus, Sawashiro wouldn't share the niceness and would probably kick his ass for 'wasting the boss's kindness for a moronic bet'. And it's not like he had a chance against that fucker, even with the Boosted Gear.

What was he gonna do now?

"Damn, you're really torn out about it, aren't you?" Akane stated. "Hmm… tell you what, I'll pay for it this time."

Ichiban paused, slowly turning to look at her cautiously.

"What's the catch?"

"What, am I not allowed to show some kindness to my best friend?"

Ichiban only looked at her, completely unamused, prompting her to shrug with a smirk, as if she understood the unasked 'really?'

"Fair enough," She said. "Catch is simple. For the rest of the month, you'll do everything I tell you to."

Ichiban was about to instantly agree to the demand but stopped himself. That was close because there wasn't any guarantee that Akane wouldn't use his money later. That would've sucked ass if he accepted.

"I have one condition," He said.

"I don't know why you think you have the high ground here, but sure," She chuckled, making him shift awkwardly. She's right. "What is it?"

"You won't use my money for anything."

"Hmm…" She paused, thinking for a moment, then nodded. "Your terms are acceptable."

"Then you got yourself a deal," He perked up. "I can handle a month."

"I'm sure. Now, first order," She grinned, lifting her leg up and putting it on the couch. "Gimme a foot rub."

…

"What?"

"Come, hurry it up," She said, her grin ever-widening at his confused look. "I've given you an order. Do it."

"You can't be serious," He scoffed, getting more nervous as he slowly began to realize what he had just gotten himself into.

"But I am~" She responded.

"Forget it, I'm not doing that."

"Oh? Are you going back on your word?" She said as she raised a brow, making him wince. "It hasn't even been a minute, Ichi, and you're already breaking the contract."

"There was no contract!"

"It's a verbal agreement," She argued. "Which is basically the same thing anyway."

"But I–" He couldn't respond to that, not when she's giving her that smug look.

This bitch was as sly as they come, like some siren luring him in with sweet words before pouncing on him and ruining his life, a Femme Fatale. It's like she knew exactly what he was thinking and used his own weakness against him.

He was so preoccupied with finding a way to not look bad in front of Arakawa that he didn't stop to think about the overall consequences of accepting this devil's deal. Now he's under her mercy for a whole damn month. And knowing her, 'mercy' wasn't in her vocabulary.

Oh god, what the hell did he just do?!

She truly has you under her thumb.

Ichiban almost flinched at Ddraig's voice in his head, but quickly scowled at the accuracy of what he said.

Heh, I like her

Aren't you supposed to be on my side?!

"Come on, get to it already," Akane wiggled her foot. "You don't want to be known as the guy who can't keep his word, do you? I'm sure Arakawa-san would be very disappointed in you if you do."

"You bitch…" He growled and grabbed her foot.

"Tut-tut, less whining, more rubbing."

"You're gonna regret this," He said quietly. "You'll see."

"Oooh," She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively. "I'm looking forward to it, then~"

There was no winning when this girl was involved.

"By the way, it's the second of May today."

Goddamn it.


– Sona Sitri –

A day had passed after the whole debacle with Riser, and thankfully, Akane got back to them rather quickly, sending her the location as well as a list of what she needed to take with her. They were going to spend two weeks there, with them taking time off from school. It wasn't anything noteworthy for the most part, aside from a document with all the powers of her, Riser, and Rias' peerage, which she submitted hours earlier.

Now, Sona understood the risk of giving such information to anyone, even her own kin, but she also knew why Akane asked for such a thing. Seeing that she's the one who'd be 'overseeing' their training, she needed to know their strengths and weaknesses for an optimal method.

It was funny in a way. Akane was even younger than they were, yet she was the one practically training them. It did sting her pride, admittedly, seeing that she was a human too, but they had no-one to blame but themselves.

Most devils don't train as they usually get more powerful with age, but perhaps that wasn't the best mindset to have. She couldn't blame her sibling or any of the new satans for not training either, as they fought in a massive civil war, while she, Rias, Riser, and other devils of her generation lived in peace.

Sona could make excuses all she wanted, that she wasn't that interested in actual Rating Game matches as she was trying to fix the messed up system of the devils and its hierarchy from the inside, but it didn't take a genius to realize that power was important in that regard as well.

Devils follow the strong after all. It did not matter if the strong were good or evil.

In any case, Sona would be lying if she said she wasn't interested in what this training regime would be like. Would it focus on physical or magical exercise? Both? Was it truly possible to change the outcome for Rias and her peerage in only two weeks? She had hopes, but at the same time, it was still concerning.

Speaking of Rias, Sona really hoped she'd show up instead of ignoring Akane's generosity. This was her only chance, and Sona knew that Rias realized it, but her stubbornness could be incredibly insufferable sometimes. Even showing up out of courtesy would be good enough, because then she might get motivated to take this training seriously.

Sona trusted Akeno and Kiba to convince her, though. Her own peerage was the only thing that could get her to stop moping all the time.

As Sona walked through the forest along with her peerage, they passed through a gate that led them to the location. An abandoned factory building covered in moss, with a very big courtyard surrounded by trees, almost as big as a football field. It was far enough away from the town that they could probably afford to go all out in here, so it'd be a nice place to train in.

She scanned the surroundings and spotted Akane in the distance, who closed the door of the factory behind her. She noticed them and waved, prompting them to approach her.

"It's good to see you again, Akane." Sona started with a polite smile. "Thanks again for lending a hand. We owe you."

"It's kinda my problem now too, but sure." She nodded, eyeing up her peerage before asking. "Where's Gremory?"

"I'm not sure myself." Sona's smile dropped, replaced with a worried frown. "I'm hoping that she's on her way here."

"Well, we're off to a good start," Akane muttered, making Sona shift awkwardly. "But maybe it's for the better for now."

"What do you mean?"

"There's something I want to talk to you about. Privately." She said, "About the document you gave me."

"Ah…"

"Come in." She said, opening the door. "I'll give you a quick tour. The place is really big."

As they followed her inside, they realized that this was no factory by any stretch of the imagination. From the outside, yes, it looked like an abandoned one, but none of them expected the inside to look the complete opposite. It was clean, organized, and was more of a mansion than anything.

Everything was in pristine condition, it was as if going through the door led them to a different dimension. Most bedrooms were designed for two people and looked like they were out of a five-star hotel, a living room with a huge dinner table next to a room with a lot of entertainment options, like a pool table, dart board, a karaoke machine, and so much more.

Even a pool and jacuzzi on the roof right above a whole gym. How did they do all of that? Was it pre-built or something?

Admittedly, it was a bit to take in.

Sona had to make sure to voice her concerns.

"Woah…" Tomoe's eyes widened. "Are you sure we're in a factory?"

"That's what I thought too, to be honest," Akane answered. "This was all the work of the Majima family once I told them to find a good place."

"I-in less than a day?" Momo asked, looking as shocked as everyone else.

"Apparently," Akane confirmed.

"Don't take this the wrong way, but–" Sona started. "Are we going to train, or are we here on a vacation?"

"I didn't ask them to do all of this." Akane shrugged, then smiled. "But let's be real, we're not going to be training 24/7, so would it be wrong to have some fun whenever we can?"

"I… suppose not."

"Besides, high morale helps." The human girl pointed out. "Don't worry, though. Like I said, this has gotten personal, so I won't be allowing anyone to slack off."

That was a good point, and Sona would be lying if she said she wasn't impressed with their work.

After the little tour, her peerage began to spread through the facility, going in pairs to put away their luggage. Sona followed Akane on her own, going into what seemed to be an office. Sona closed the door behind them as Akane took the documents from the desk at the far end of the room before sitting on the couch in the middle of it.

Akane nodded at her and Sona got the message, sitting on the opposite side. She scanned the room, concluding it to be the least decorated room in the building. She wasn't sure whose office this was, assuming it to have been there before the place changed.

"So what was it you wanted to talk to me about?" Sona asked. "I assume you have some questions."

"Yup." She answered simply, going through the document. "I read through it before you got here, and noticed something odd."

"That is?"

"This." Akane put the document on the table in front of them, showing Akeno's information. "I'm not sure why Rias needs my help when she has her."

Sona almost winced at that, knowing exactly what she meant.

"The biggest hurdle is Riser's regeneration, right? And last I checked, Holy magic can actually slow down and even stop it." Akane said. "By all indications, Akeno can carry the whole peerage to victory with one arm behind her back while the rest take their afternoon nap. You never needed my help."

"I wish that were the case." Sona sighed.

Akane's expression sharpened.

"Explain."

"True, Akeno can use holy lightning, which is more than enough to wipe out Riser and his peerage assuming she doesn't get bombarded immediately," Sona said. "But the problem is… well, she refuses to use it."

"What?" She looked at her in bewilderment. "What do you mean? Why not?"

"It's a personal problem, I'm afraid I can't go any further than that–"

"Personal or not, you have to tell me what's wrong." Akane cut her off forcefully, making her flinch. "She's literally the best shot Rias has at this."

"It's…" Sona averted her eyes for a moment, before reluctantly relenting with a sigh.

As much as she hated herself for betraying Akeno's trust, It was for Rias and her own good as well. There was no telling what Riser would do to either of them if he got his way. Sona would rather earn their ire than risk their freedom to someone like Riser.

So she told the Yakuza princess everything she knew. Akeno's origins, her relation to the Fallen, the incident involving her parents, and her self-loathing. The whole time, Akane listened with a blank look, waiting for her to finish.

Sona didn't have all the information, of course. For example, she didn't know who killed Akeno's mother even though she had some ideas, but she knew enough, which she hoped would be at least acceptable to the princess in front of her.

After a while, Akane sighed and asked a simple question.

"And that's still a problem seven years later because…?"

"Rias tried to get Akeno over it, but she's nearly as stubborn as her."

"Not even therapy?"

"Akeno insisted she had no problems and refused whenever given the opportunity."

"You've got to be kidding me." Akane groaned, getting more annoyed. "Can't she at least forget her stupid grudge just for this match? She can whine about her miserable daddy issues after it."

Sona didn't appreciate Akane's tone when referring to her friend but held her tongue. Now wasn't the time to start a fight.

"...I don't know." She answered evenly as her brows furrowed. "Last I checked, she's vehemently against using anything related to her Fallen heritage."

Akane clicked her tongue and massaged her temples at that answer.

"Knowing that his whole situation is so much harder than it should've been because an idiot can't let go of a grudge doesn't make me very confident." She said as a response, though, it sounded like it was directed towards herself. "But fine, I'll take the added challenge. You don't mind me trying to get through her, do you?"

"As long as you don't go too far, then by all means." Sona nodded.

"Right, well, that answers that," Akane muttered. "We'll wait for an hour. If Rias doesn't show up, we'll start training without her."

"Sounds reasonable. I'll give her a call and ask where she is." Sona said, standing up from the couch. "Excuse me."

Sona left the office and took her phone out of her pocket, quickly calling Rias as she walked through the hallway. As she waited for an answer, Sona passed by one of the other humans, Issei Hyoudou if she remembered correctly, who only gave her a nervous glance and a nod.

She blinked, and before she returned his nod, he simply quickened his pace and left her alone. He looked a bit anxious there, but why? Yes, she had to reprimand him a lot for his perverted behavior in school, so she could understand that reaction, but it seemed a bit… exaggerated.

Sona shook her head with a sigh. Probably because he knows she's a devil now. Ah well, hopefully, she can clear out all the misunderstandings in these two weeks.

Now if only Rias would answer her calls…


– Akane Amamiya –

I've said this multiple times before, but goddamn, the Yakuza work fast. Aside from their work on that facility, I didn't even give them the location because they found one before I could. I expected that I needed to wait for at least two or three more days, which would give me more than enough time to come up with a training strategy, but apparently not. I had to come up with an idea as fast as I could.

Of course, I also had to take care of a lot of other things, like my mother. After getting the location from Majima, I told Sona about it and she came up with the idea to make a 'school camping trip.' Telling her "I'll go train with devils" will probably end up with her starting a war, and I can't exactly say I'm skipping school for the next two weeks, not without compensation of course.

She did seem a bit suspicious at how sudden this was but shrugged and told me to have fun. I really hope she doesn't stalk me, but there is really nothing much I can do if she does. I'll have to trust her to not do anything stupid.

I almost laugh to myself at that. Mizuki is synonymous with stupid. Of course, she'll do something dumb, I just have to prepare for it.

This also meant that Asia stayed with her, which wasn't what I was hoping for. The training would benefit immensely with a healer here with us. I need to get her here somehow.

Thankfully, in that short amount of time I was given, I was able to come up with two ideas, but neither was actually guaranteed to work.

The first is the classic: train/abuse them until they're tough enough to handle Riser and his peerage. This could work because it's the safer bet, but I'm not very sure that two weeks are enough to make a huge difference. Rias' peerage doesn't have a Boosted Gear wielder in it like the original, so they're at a bigger disadvantage.

Plus, I can't do much if they're not motivated. I think I can handle the rest of her peerage since they're probably motivated to help her, but I don't know about their leader. Rias needs to take this seriously because if she doesn't, she'll barely get any gains herself.

And she desperately needs to get stronger because as soon as she's down, the match is over. She can't be the weak link here, it's too risky. From what I read on the document, Riser doesn't have any Ace or a trump card aside from himself, so his peerage shouldn't be on par with him, thus they're much easier to eliminate. Aside from his sister and Queen of course.

She has to be able to match him in strength. Her – undeserved – Power of Destruction is the only thing actually capable of putting him down. The other small fry can be easily dealt with by the rest of the team. So if I'm able to pull out as much power from them as possible, then the actual match would be a three-on-four, with Rias having the advantage.

The second idea is to give her peerage their much-needed therapy, Akeno especially.

The dumb bimbo is too spiteful to set aside her hatred to help her supposed 'best friend' for once, and it pisses me off to no end. I knew her backstory already, but I act ignorant because I wanted a reason why I do know it, which is why I asked Sona. Thankfully, she answered the important bits and didn't act all indignant about it.

Of course, her backstory is still as dumb as it is in the canon series, which might've put her higher on my shitlist for making this so much more difficult than it has any right to be, but I digress. I'm here to make them win, not complain about their stupidity. I'll make do and try to convince her to stop being such a little bitch.

It'll be tough, but hey, I can at least relate. I too had a parent die when I was young. You don't see me act like a whiny whore about it though.

Koneko's problem is a bit more complicated from what I remember, seeing that she's scared of her power, which is completely fair since she misunderstood how it worked, so it'll take more than two weeks to actually fix, and Kiba I can't do much about until the holy swords come into play. There's Gasper too, but I'm not sure how I'm supposed to approach that hot mess.

…This is gonna be a lot harder than I thought it would be, isn't it?

I'm beginning to maybe slightly regret this, but I'm unfortunately in too deep. I have to see through this till the end, even if I don't see a lot of chances for victory anyway. Getting Akeno to drop her grudge and motivating Rias are my primary objectives right now, but is it really possible in just two weeks?

At the very least, I got a quest for it.

[Demon Instructor] – Quest

Objective: Make Rias win the Rating Game

Bonus Objective: Make Rias' Peerage come to terms with their past

Rewards: Unlock Affection for Rias Gremory, Tremendously increase Reputation with Rias' peerage and Sona Sitri, Massively increase reputation with Sirzechs Lucifer Gremory, [Natural-born Mentor] perk, +50 CHA

Bonus rewards: Unlock Affection for Rias' peerage, Greatly increase Reputation with Sona Sitri, [Reliable Anchor] Perk, +100 CHA, Epic Gacha Token

That's a lot of rep increase, even for a single objective. Might be enough to help mend the relationship between the devils and the Tojo clan a bit, and peace is good. I don't want war right now, it'll fuck up the rest of my metaknowledge. At least, until Kokabiel is dealt with. I don't remember much after his arc, only the attack on the leaders that happens in Kuoh but none of the details.

But that's a problem for future me. Current me should handle this situation instead of complaining about what will happen later.

The door of the facility opens and Ichi walks out with an annoyed expression on his face and a steaming cup of the best drink in the world in his hand, spotting me right next to the entrance

"Here, got your damned drink," Ichiban says as he approaches me with a cup of cocoa. "Anything else, your highness?"'

"Aw, you even put little marshmallows in it, that's sweet of you." I smile at him, but he looks unfazed, his frown not moving an inch. "Good boy."

"Stop calling me that, I'm not your fucking dog." He scowls and slaps my hand away as I try to pat his head. "I'm already regretting this shit deal."

"Your fault for not thinking ahead." I shrug. "You know me pretty well, so you should've expected this."

Ichiban clicks his tongue as a response.

"So what are we waiting for exactly?" He asks, changing the subject. "Shouldn't we start training now?"

"The Gremory girl and her friends aren't here yet," I respond with a scoff. "And they're certainly taking their sweet time."

"We're still wasting time doing nothing, though." He argues. "Why can't we start without them? They'll be here eventually."

"Because I don't have enough patience to explain the schedule twice," I say, sipping the chocolate delight. "I've already given them an hour. If they're not here by eight, then fuck them."

As soon as I say that, my phone begins buzzing, prompting me to take it out. I frown at the unknown number, glancing at Ichiban, before answering cautiously.

"Hello?"

"Yo, Akane-chan." The caller greets me, and I quickly recognize his voice. "How's the place? Cool, ain't it?"

"Uh, yeah, though you really didn't have to go out of your way to do all that, Majima," I say, not sure how he got my number. "But thanks."

"Naw, it's all good. I'm all for trainin' and being stronger, but this old man still knows how ta have fun." He chuckles. "Hell, once yer done, ya can use it as some kinda vacation home, yeah? Have all the fun with yer friends."

"I suppose."

"But that ain't why I'm callin' ya." He continues. "Someone at the gate wants ta see ya. Already had a talk with 'em, so you don't gotta worry about it much."

"Who is it?"

"A surprise."

Ugh, I hate these vague games.

"Alright, I'll go see what they want." I sigh. "Talk to you later."

"What's up?" Ichiban asks as I put my phone back in my pocket. "Are they here?"

"I don't know." I shake my head. "He said someone at the gate wants to see me."

"Want me to come with you?" He offers. "Just in case."

"Nah." I shake my head. "You go check up on everyone else. I'll handle this."

"But–"

"Tut-tut," I smirk. "That's an order."

He responds with a middle finger raised, going back inside the facility. How cute.

I doubt it's anything bad. Majima made his intentions clear enough yesterday, so I don't think he'd send someone dangerous here without at least warning us. I mean, unless it's my mother, and if it was, I'm feeding him his own good eye.

As I head towards the gate, I slow down my pace as I spot who's there. I unconsciously scowl once I meet Riser's annoyed glare, barely acknowledging the girl next to him who I assume is Ravel. I stop myself from charging at him and knocking him out, which took nearly all my self-control.

What the hell is he doing here?

"Back for another ass-kicking, you fried chicken reject?" I mutter loud enough for them to hear.

Riser scowls but doesn't say anything as his sister flinches, bowing to me quickly.

"I-I'm very, very sorry for what my brother did yesterday!" Ravel says. "He was being needlessly disrespectful to you and I hope you know he was already punished for it."

Ravel nudges Riser and he grimaces, slowly bowing as well.

"I didn't mean to act that way towards you. I'm… sorry." He 'apologized'. "It won't happen again."

Ah, they're here to apologize. Makes sense, he started it after all. His apologies sounded so damn fake, though, and I don't know if that's more offensive or not. But lucky for him, I don't feel like starting another issue.

…I gotta say, something about the way they bow like this makes me feel giddy. Seeing the high and mighty Phenex bowing to a mere human is pretty funny. They'd look so much better on their knees though.

I blink in surprise at that thought. Where the hell did that come from?

"Right…" I don't even try to hide my smugness. "Well, I can't exactly forgive you so easily, but I guess apologizing for what you did is a start."

Both of them look me in the eyes, with Ravel seemingly not noticing the condescending tone. As for Riser, well, it takes one to know one. His lips are thin as he tries so very hard from doing something he regrets. God, he's so easy to piss off.

"Thank you so much." Ravel smiles, getting a bit less anxious.

"Don't worry about it, you didn't really do anything to offend me." I shrug, never tearing my gaze away from Riser. "Do keep him under control, though, yeah?"

His fists clench as I say that, eyes narrowing as he stares back at me in contempt.

"Of course." Ravel nods. "We'll be taking our leave now, but thanks again for taking the time to listen to us. I wish you well."

"You too."

With one last bow, Ravel raises her arm and forms a magic circle under them, teleporting away. Well, that was fun. I was half-tempted to have Riser do something stupid by pushing him to the edge, but again, I don't want war.

I'm nice like that.


– Rias Gremory –

She was only doing this out of respect. She still didn't think it's worth anything, but she'd be dumb to ignore Akane's… uh, 'suggestion'. She's done enough to offend her, and it was better to at least go along with this for now.

As she, Akeno, Kiba, and Koneko stood in front of the gate, Rias took a deep breath before entering. She was impressed by the size of this place but shook her head as she spotted Akane and Sona chatting near the building as Sona's peerage and Akane's friends took a lap through the yard, all of them in their gym uniforms.

Rias paused and stared at them nervously, before being shaken out of her stupor once Akeno patted her on the shoulder. Rias smiled at her friend and nodded, approaching the two girls in the distance.

Sona spotted them first, giving her a genuine smile, while Akane only raised a brow in surprise.

"I knew you'd come." Sona started, and Rias couldn't help but feel guilty at the sheer faith her childhood friend had in her. "Just in time, too. We were just discussing how we'll go about it."

"I-I see." Rias shifted awkwardly, still unsure how to treat the human girl. "So then–"

"Go in and find yourselves rooms you can put your stuff in," Akane cut her off, nodding at the building. "Get changed and meet us back here."

"A-ah, okay…"

With that, Rias entered the abandoned facility, amazed at the interior of the building. They had this place ready for them already? She didn't expect Akane to take this thing so seriously. Ugh, now she felt even worse about her lack of enthusiasm. But what could they do anyway?

They don't understand that no amount of training will make her beat Riser, especially not in two damn weeks. Her only chance of finding a new peerage member was gone as she missed three Sacred Gear users, one of them having a Longinus.

It was over for her, really. Unless by some miracle she found another Longinus wielder in these two weeks, she had zero chance of winning.

Rias sighed and opened a door leading to an empty bedroom.

She missed her chance with Ichiban, and nobody was to blame other than herself.


Trying to pick up the pace because I've taken too much time with the interactions and development that the plot progression felt glacial.
Last edited: Aug 5, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot and 271 others
Mirlnir
Aug 5, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 20: Boot Camp
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Sep 28, 2022
Add bookmark
#341
It's been three days since then, and everything was going relatively well. Everyone has been growing stronger at a steady rate, a dozen or so increase in stats every day. I haven't really worked on the whole therapy shtick yet, because I want to at least grow closer to Rias and Akeno before doing it. Otherwise, it's more likely gonna push them away than help them.

Seeing Rias actually show up made me feel a lot better than I thought I would. I half expected this to be a waste of time, considering how she's against training, so it's good to be proven wrong for once. Maybe she isn't a total waste of my energy after all, even if she most likely appeared out of courtesy.

Which is better than nothing really. I might be able to get her to stop being a little bitch and work on herself for once instead of looking for shortcuts. Heh, and people call me mean. Look at me trying to help that bimbo for little more than self-gratification when she mops the floor with that fried chicken moron.

Anyway, once Rias and her peerage arrived, I told her and Sona what I have planned. First, we were going to put everyone into different groups for maximum efficiency. Sona, Rias, Akeno, and I are in one, seeing how we're basically the strongest magic users out of everyone.

And of course, I put myself close to the strongest of the peerage, who also have the easiest problems to fix. Sona's with us because I might need her help to convince the two morons to stop whining. If anything, Rias and Akeno are their only chance of winning.

Kiba, Ruruko, Tomoe, Ichiban, and Koneko are in another, as they're all more reliant on physical strength. Ichi seemed pretty uncomfortable about it because he's the only human in the group, but I have hopes that he'll get over it fairly quickly. I know they're genuinely nice people, and while awkward, Ichiban usually responds extremely well to that.

Though he won't have to worry about it much, because the third group that includes everyone else has Issei, and Issei is going to be directly mentored by Tsubaki and Kiba, thus making him part of two groups. Why? Because they're experienced Sacred Gear users, and even though their Sacred Gears aren't exactly the same, it's still valid to someone like him.

But to be honest, I'm far less inclined to lend a hand with Rias' record in these few days. It doesn't take a genius to realize that she's training as little as she can. Whereas everyone would be panting in exhaustion, she'd sit on a comfy couch and fiddle with her phone.

So much for showing up.

I've been letting it go, not wanting to risk the possible consequences of pressuring her, but my patience is starting to run thin. At the very least, the rest of her peerage are actually pushing themselves to their limits, making me somewhat respect their efforts in trying to save their idiot friend.

I frown to myself a little as I think about a lost opportunity. Having Asia here would be incredibly useful. Her Twilight Healing works on everyone, so she can keep restoring stamina and healing wounds, thus making us able to train for longer hours. It wouldn't necessarily help me, seeing how fast my regen is, but everyone else? Her Sacred Gear would be a godsend. Pun included.

But if I took Asia, my mother would get suspicious and possibly stalk us, and I'm pretty sure she won't be happy with us being with devils here. Assuming she hates them as much as I think anyway, and from the way she talked about them, it's probably even more.

I didn't ask for the full story yet, but there's an obvious implication that they did something to my father, and mom was head over heels for him. So in all honesty, I wouldn't be surprised if she went 'kill first, questions never' on the devils here if she figures out what's actually happening, and I don't think that's going to be pretty for anyone involved.

Damn it, I need to get Asia here if I want to maximize our gains, but how do I do it? I can't just kidnap the girl, that'll just make my mother look for her everywhere and probably come to the worst conclusion if she found her here.

What should I do…

"What are you thinking about?" Sona suddenly asks as we walk to the other half of our group, having finished a light sparring session.

She, and most of the devils she brought for that matter, wore the bloomers given to us by the school. Sona forwent the glasses for the training, apparently having perfect vision anyway, but had no other visible changes. She obviously looked a little tired if the sweat trailing down her cheeks and neck was anything to go by.

I'm the same in that regard, but my stamina returns a lot quicker. So while I was visibly sweating, I'm not really tired.

"Hm?" I glance at her.

"You seemed deep in thought." She noted, looking curious. "Is there something on your mind?"

"Just thinking of ways to make this training more efficient," I answer kinda truthfully, sighing. "Aside from the personal issues that need to be fixed, I don't think two weeks are really enough."

"I suppose not." Sona frowns in worry. "I know Rias has it in her, she just needs to drop this image of an unbeatable Riser. He's not as strong as she thinks he is."

"Clearly not if I was able to manhandle him alongside his Queen." I scoff, spotting Rias and Akeno practice in the distance. "But I guess that wasn't really enough to convince her, is it?"

"I wish it were that easy." She mutters.

I scowl deeply and clench my fist. How's she heiress material? I'd rather have my entire bloodline die off than get a failure like her to be born much less be next in line. What a pain in the ass.

I quickly calm myself as I feel my rage bubble inside of me. Cool it, now's not the time to get all pissy. Finish your goddamn work, then you can complain about it later.

"Well, I'll see what I can do, but as I said before, no promises." I address Sona after a moment. "And I hope you can forgive me if I resort to something drastic."

Sona's frown deepens in concern at the implication of what I said, but doesn't argue and just nods. You know, I'm beginning to actually like her. She's intelligent, not annoying, and always sees the bigger picture despite what she feels about the subject.

With that, I approach the two girls with Sona following behind me. I notice that they still had a good amount of magic left in them, making me frown in confusion. They've been here for an hour already, they should be out of it. Well, Akeno seems more exhausted, but not as much as she should be.

"What's going on?" I ask calmly, getting their attention. "Is everything alright?"

Rias smiles slightly and nods.

"Yup, nothing to worry about here." She waves it off, but I'm not convinced. "We were just practicing."

Akeno looks a little more nervous than her King, but nods in confirmation, her soft smile never leaving her face. Please, I know a fake smile when I see one, as impressive as it is. They're hiding something and I don't like it.

"Weird, you don't look tired at all," I say, my tone dripping with sarcasm. "Must have a lot of stamina, huh?"

Rias flinches slightly, her smile almost falling apart, but she still persists.

"Well, I mean, I have a big mana pool." She shrugs. "Besides, I am tired. We've been here for hours after all."

"I'm sure…" I mutter coldly.

"Anyway, we're gonna take a break for a bit," Rias says. "Don't worry, we're going to stop by the gym for more exercise. Come on, Akeno."

As the two girls pass by us, I try very hard to stop myself from strangling Rias. Closing my eyes and taking a deep breath through my nose. I glance at Sona, who came to the same conclusion as me with her face downcast.

The bitch isn't taking my training seriously.

And it's pissing me the fuck off.

"I…" Sona starts.

"Don't bother." I cut her off, keeping my voice even. "I'll get her to train for real. Just stop worrying about it, alright?"

10 Reputation with Sona Sitri [65/100]

That was not meant to comfort you, but I'll take it.

"Alright." She nods, giving me a small smile. "I'll trust you on this."

"In the meantime, how about we spar for real?" I give her a challenging smirk. "That back there was clearly us testing the waters."

"True." Sona crosses her arms, looking at me with determined eyes. "It'd be great to see how powerful you really are."

I need to do something that'll take my mind off this annoying bullshit, and I haven't really sparred with Sona properly, so that'll be pretty fun. She's decently powerful, and her growth is among the best here. The fact that she's much more experienced with her magic than me will make her a pretty good challenge.

I make a distance between us, around thirty meters, and get in a stance, casting my defensive spells. Sona does the same, magical circles forming over her the palms of her hands as she focuses on me. We're pretty far from the main courtyard, deciding to go deeper into the forest in case we get a little destructive, so I think I can afford to go all out.

Quest added

[Ice and Water]

Objective: Defeat Sona Sitri in a sparring match

Bonus Objective: Don't suffer any damage

Rewards: 25 to INT and WIS, Moderate EXP, Increase reputation with Sona Sitri, Rare Gacha Token

Bonus Rewards: 100 to DEX, Major EXP, Greatly increase reputation with Sona Sitri, Epic Gacha Token

Interesting. I'm not very sure I can get the bonus objective– Sona is fairly formidable like I said, but maybe if I aim for a quick knockout as I did with Ichiban, I can pull it off.

I crouch slightly and sharpen my gaze at her, waiting for her to make the first move. After a tense minute, Sona starts the match by waving her arm, creating multiple hawks of water. I rush forward, casting and throwing ice knives, perfectly hitting the incoming water constructs and dispelling them.

Though, by then, Sona had already created a big tiger rushing toward me, following up with multiple spears and tridents. I smile and stomp on the ground in front of me, turning the ground into ice and freezing the tiger. I easily evade the water spears, ducking and side-stepping out of the way, and respond with my own weaponry of ice. Swords, knives, and arrows appear around me, soaring towards the devil who has a much harder time dodging the spells.

Sona waves her arm again, and a giant stream of water comes out of the ground right next to me. I form a wall right before it gets to me, blocking the stream but not being able to evade the small knife that she threw at me, which scratches my cheek.

I scowl as I see the failed objective, but quickly calm myself, looking at the smirking Sona. Fair play. That giant stream of water was just a distraction. An amateur mistake on my part. I'm still winning this, though.

As more and more animals and weapons made out of water rush towards me, I retaliate with my own brand of spells, unleashing cold hell on Sona. A single spear from me is worth three of hers. That's how bullshit my ice magic is.

And she should know that, so why is she fighting me like this? Another distraction? Probably. I need to be sharp, she's probably hiding a trick or two.

As I charge towards her, breaking every single spell heading my way, I sense the spell directly above me, quickly creating an overcharged shield to put over my head. A huge flood of the devil-made sea falls down on me, hitting the ice shield and forcing me to grit my teeth and fall to my knees.

Sona uses the chance to unleash multiple spells on me, but I act quickly and release my aura, increasing my magic power significantly and freezing the flood that's keeping me in place. At the same time, I create multiple walls around me that block all the spells.

I smirk, wings of ice sprouting from my back and charging at my own walls, breaking through them as I shorten the distance between us massively. Sona tries to desperately hold me off, flying away and using all kinds of spells, but I counter each and every one of her moves with my stronger ones.

While I could've probably beaten her at a safer distance, it would've taken me a lot longer to do it. Sona doesn't have a lot of defenses when someone's physically close, and she thrives when she has good space between her and her opponent. She's a pure mage type, unlike me who can adapt to both close and long-range combat.

So I don't want to give her that luxury. Plus, the fact that I failed the bonus objective means all concerns about playing safe don't really matter anymore.

Seeing that I'm significantly faster than her, I easily catch up, and once I do, I slam her back down to the ground with my fists. She plummets down but lands on her feet, cracking the ground and releasing multiple torrents of water from beneath her to catch me off guard, but I see it coming and evade them gracefully.

I didn't see or sense the avian constructs that followed me, though, one of them colliding with my face at high speed. I recoil, giving Sona a perfect chance to counterattack, but I finally pull out a spell I've been working on for quite a while, aiming my hand at dozens of polearms, birds, and swords approaching me, and releasing the charged-up magic.

A burst of frost instantly freezes all the water spells in front of me, prompting them all to fall down and shatter on the ground. Sona gasps in shock, and before she tries anything else, I lunge towards her, grab her by the collar, slam her against a boulder, and point an ice dagger at her neck, all in the span of a second.

We stay like this for a few moments, as I actually feel pretty tired with how much magic and stamina I've spent, my eyes glaring at her very soul, but then I smirk arrogantly.

However, I then notice that Sona isn't actually meeting my gaze. Instead, she's looking away, a light pink color dusting her cheeks. I blink at her nervous expression, not really sure what's up with her until she speaks.

"Y-you're too close." She says quietly, her tone unusually high-pitched. "I'd like some of my personal space back if that's possible."

I blink.

"I win though, right?"

"Yes." She confirms. "Now, please?"

I back off a bit, a satisfied smirk on my face as Sona clears her throat. Dunno what her problem is, but I think I get it. Getting too close to people you're not overly familiar with can get fairly uncomfortable. Too bad for her though, since it was a fight.

"Good fight," I say. "You actually handled yourself pretty well."

"You as well." She returns the praise. "That spell back there caught me off guard."

"It's one I've been working on for a bit now." I nod. "Like you saw, it basically flash-freezes everything in front of me. Leaves me spent, though."

It's a genuinely powerful spell, and I didn't actually expect myself to use it so soon, nor did I expect it to be so strong when I first made it.

[Cryomancy: Ice Burst+5] – Spell

Unleash a powerful gust of frost that easily freezes everything in front of you. A strong, short-range spell used by many wizards, swordsmen, and martial artists alike due to its excellent versatility.

Deals 2250 + INTx6.5 Ice Damage

Inflicts [Frozen] and [Frostbite]

Costs 3600 MP

It takes a lot of MP though. I should find a way to increase my MP to more than just 13k. It's a problem because I'm a mage, but I can't be too wasteful with my mana due to my low pool. Part of the reason why I decided to go for a more balanced build than a pure caster.

"I can see that," Sona says, smiling after a pause. "That was… fun. I never thought something so taxing could feel this way."

"That's training." I shrug. "Or exercising in general really. Might sound tedious, but it's fun when you do it."

"You're right." Sona agrees, frowning sadly a second later. "...I hope Rias realizes this too. For her sake at least…"

Oh goddamn it, now you've gone and ruined the mood. She cares way too much about that redhead moron, more than she probably should in my opinion.

"Anyway, we've taken enough rest," I say, not showing any outward reaction to her muttering. "Get ready. We're not nearly done."

"Again? Already?" Sona looks at me in surprise and concern.

"We're not stopping until we squeeze out every drop of stamina you have," I say, smirking viciously. "I want to see just how long you can last."

Sona flinches but nods, returning a few dozen meters as she readies some water spells. I need to handle the Rias problem fast, so if she's not going to be taking me or this training seriously?

I'll make her regret ever stepping one foot here.


– Ichiban Kasuga –

Let it be known that Ichiban was never a man who would underestimate his opponent, no matter what they looked like. He knew that appearances could be deceiving, he learned that the hard way twice. The first time was with Akane, and the second was with his Boss' son, Masato, who looked like a wimpy nerd.

So he hammered it into his head. No matter what they looked like, they could be some god-slaying barbarian and he wouldn't know it. Wisdom came at a price, and he wasn't willing to pay said price again.

So while a little surprised, he was not very shocked when he learned that the very short white-haired girl could throw hands like a champ. Koneko, if he remembered right, apparently Kuoh's mascot, was a very skilled hand-to-hand combatant.

Ichiban blocked her jab with his right forearm, gritting his teeth as he felt the pain and impact from the punch. He backed off to gain some distance, circling around her but never leaning against the edges of the ring, not wanting to get cornered by someone as fierce and strong as her.

And she packed a lot of strength beneath that tiny build. Holy fuck, she hit hard. He'd seen her bench press several tonnes before, and while he could do that himself, Koneko was a girl that barely reached his chest, and she did not have any visible muscles like him or the other girls. She wore yellow sportswear that exposed her stomach, yet the girl didn't have even a hint of abs.

She was, however, still very cute, and Ichiban was willing to admit that.

He'd gotten a bit comfortable around the devils, seeing that they were basically regular kids like him, and managed to work up the courage to ask one for a sparring match. Beforehand, he had only really pushed his muscles and stamina to the absolute limits via Boosts and heavy exercise, but he felt like he's been getting rusty, and Akane and Issei were too busy with the others to spare some time for him.

So after some time, he asked the small girl to see if she could spar, and to his surprise, she nodded and accepted his offer fairly quickly. Ichiban had noticed that this girl only really visited the gym and nothing else, so she felt like the best option he had.

He had to admit, he was having quite a bit of fun. She fought well and didn't really throw any dirty tricks like how his best friend would, so this sparring match felt refreshing.

"Get his ass, Koneko-chan!" One of the girls, Ruruko he believed, shouted from outside the ring. "Ain't no six-foot handsome bastard is beating you!"

"Weirdly specific, Ruruko." One of her friends, the other white-haired one, said.

Ichiban had to agree with that as he threw a hook, which Koneko evaded barely. Why 'bastard'? Yes, it's true, he was born in a fucking brothel, but you didn't have to say it.

"Don't give up, Kasuga-san!" The only devil male in this whole group cheered. "You can do this!"

Koneko parried his next blow, responding with a painful gut punch that made him recoil, but Ichiban had taken much worse than that and retaliated by grabbing her shoulders and headbutting her harshly. She gasped and stepped back, clearly dizzy from that surprise attack, and Ichi used this moment to wail on the girl, throwing punches and kicks.

"Eeeeh? Aren't you supposed to be rooting for your friend, Kiba-san?" Another girl said, to which Ichiban also agreed fully.

"Well, I mean, someone needs to cheer for Kasuga-san, no?" He chuckled sheepishly. "I'm sure Koneko-chan will understand."

Oh.

…Ichiban kinda appreciated that.

Koneko recovered quickly, however, and prevented him from doing too much damage by kicking his knee. Ichiban flinched and stumbled forward, unable to defend against the heavy uppercut that connected with his nose. The blow was so powerful, it made him flip in the air and fall on his stomach.

He heard the gasps and 'ooh's from the crowd seeing the fight but ignored it. Ichiban gritted his teeth as he struggled to stand up. He was helpfully assisted by his opponent who held him up by the arm, proceeding to deck him in the face a few times.

Do something, or you'll lose.

I know that!

Ichiban had enough and tanked a jab using his forehead, countering with quick bodyshots before sharply circling around her, grabbing her by the neck, then sweeping her off her legs and putting her on a chokehold.

Koneko grunted as she tried to get him off, but his grip was firm, and he knew that he had more power than her for all her absurd strength. She was faster and more nimble than him, more skilled to boot, but Ichi had fought hundreds if not thousands of punks in Kamurocho. Sure, it was mostly dirty fighting that involved the objects on the streets, like traffic cones and some poor guy's bike, but they're still valid.

This fight was over, and that was made clear when Koneko slapped the floor of the ring a few times, prompting him to let go. Both of them were panting in exhaustion. They were in the ring for what felt like hours, and before that, they were already working out the whole time.

Fuck me, my everything hurts. He thought as he stood up, a small smile forming on his face. That was really fun, though.

Well done. At least you did not disappoint me this time.

Yeah, yeah.

Ichiban looked down at the smaller girl, hesitating for a bit before extending his arm to her. She noticed him and blinked, then took his hand after a moment. His smile widened as he pulled her back up.

"Good fight." He said, gaining newfound respect for the girl. "We should do it again sometime."

Koneko looked at him blankly for a moment, then pointed at her nose, making him raise his brow for a moment.

"You're bleeding." She said tonelessly.

"I am?" Ichiban wiped his nose and finally noticed the blood. "Ah, shit, I am. You must've hit me a lot harder than I thought."

To his surprise, Koneko gave him the tiniest of smiles before leaving the ring, with him following after her. He was immediately surrounded by some of the audience as the rest went with Koneko, the Ruruko girl leading the group as she stared at him with sparkling eyes.

"That was a very great fight, Kasuga-kun." The white-haired chick, Momo, said. "You didn't even use your Sacred Gear for it. I'm impressed."

"Heh, thanks." He grinned, taking the tissues off her hand and putting them over his nose. "Was a hard-earned win, that's for sure."

"Goddamn, you're really good!" She squealed. "Come on, you and me, let's go!"

"Nimura-san, his nose is broken." Kiba came to the rescue, gently pushing her away. "Maybe when he's healed."

Ruruko whined and complained as Kiba led him away from the others. Ichiban scanned his surroundings for Koneko, seeing her heading to her room, and then focused on following Kiba, who walked straight to the medical room.

"Sit there, and do keep your head up," Kiba said as he headed for a drawer. "Don't breathe through your nose."

"Right…" Ichiban groaned as he finally realized what a broken nose could do to him these two weeks. "Shit man, it hasn't even been a week and I'm already injured. Fuck."

"Oh don't worry, it shouldn't last long." His… friend(?) responded, the easy smile never leaving his face as he gave him a pack of ice. "You're not a regular human anymore, remember? Hold this to your nose."

"What do you mean?" Ichiban frowned in confusion as he did what he was told.

"You've unlocked your Sacred Gear, haven't you?" Kiba said, and Ichiban confirmed with a nod. "Well, that alone should speed up the healing process significantly."

"...Unlocking a Gear gives you super regeneration?"

"No, not that specifically." He chuckled. "What it does is strengthen your body, every single cell of it."

"Oh, damn." Ichiban's eyebrows shot up. "Never knew that. So how long till it heals?"

"Likely a day at most. I'd be surprised if it's more than that." Kiba shrugged. "It's no gaping chest wound or anything, so you'll be fine. Or should I tell Koneko to be more gentle next time?"

"Hey, I still won anyway." The human grinned proudly. "Though, she's really damn good. Who taught her?"

"She learned the basics from a few masters, but for the most part, she's self-taught, if you can believe it." The blond devil said. "Koneko was and still is a very big fan of these kinds of sports. Boxing, wrestling, MMA. All of it."

"Damn, for real?! Shit, I like that stuff myself!" Ichiban responded excitedly. "She never struck me as the type to be into it."

"Why, because she looks like a little girl?" Kiba grinned.

No, because she's a devil. Ichiban thought, nearly blurting it out.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that." He smiled nervously.

Ichiban thought to himself for a moment, hating the fact that his first ever experience with a devil was meeting a raving lunatic. It wasn't fair for the devils here, not when they'd been very nice to him and just so… normal.

They genuinely seemed like regular people, actual kids his age. He didn't want that one bad incident to make him all twitchy and nervous around them. It didn't feel fair, not to them or himself. He had to get over it, no more fear around them.

Just then the door of the infirmary opened, Akane peeking in with a slightly concerned look on her face.

"Ah, Amamiya-san." Kiba smiled politely. "Everything alright?"

"Just finished with my training, Heard he got hurt." Akane nodded towards Ichiban, then smirked as she addressed him. "Seriously, got your nose broken by a girl that tiny?"

"Fuck you, I still won." Ichiban smirked back, unfazed by her words.

"Of course you did. I'll spare you the bothersome orders and let you recover for now." She giggled, then turned to Kiba. "Thanks for taking care of this moron for me."

"Oi."

"No need to thank me." He waved it off. "Just doing what must be done."

She nodded at him gratefully.

"By the way–" Akane suddenly said. "You've been in the gym the whole day, right? Did Rias and Akeno ever join you for a while?"

"W-well, Akeno for a few hours, yes, but Rias…" The blond trailed off, looking quite a bit nervous this time.

Ichiban noticed the twitch in his best friend's face, eyes flashing blue for a split second as the room temperature dropped. He frowned worriedly, meeting her eyes for a moment.

"Are you alright?" He asked.

"...Yeah." She answered after a moment, seemingly calming down. "And where is Akeno right now?"

"I'm not quite sure," Kiba answered truthfully. "I think she said she was going back to train her magic outside."

"Right…" She muttered to herself. "Anyway, you guys can take it easy for the rest of the night since it's getting late anyway. I'll go check up on the rest."

"Sure…" Ichiban responded as he watched her leave.

What the hell was that all about? She seemed genuinely angry right there, and it seemed to be directed at Rias specifically. Did the redhead do something that could've pissed his best friend off?

If Kiba's expression was any indication, that didn't seem very good for her.


– Akeno Himejima –

Releasing another huge bolt of her thunder magic, Akeno panted in exhaustion, her reserves fully emptied after hours and hours of training under the full moon, deep into the forest. She was very far away from the building, not wanting to wake them up with how loud her magic could get.

Her knees shook violently, vision blurry and sweat trailing down her face. She could barely breathe– a whole day of nonstop training wasn't something she was quite used to, but she had to. They had to. There was no other choice.

She was fully certain that Koneko and Kiba were still training, breaking their backs for whatever crumb of an advantage they could get a hold of. They were the physical fighters of the group, but even Akeno visited the gym for her own physical exercise. Sure, she was more of a mage, but as a Queen, she didn't want her physical capabilities to go to waste.

Her muscles still ached and burned, but this was nothing. No matter how exhausted she was, she had to get strong enough to win this upcoming Rating Game, for her King's sake. Her best friend's sake.

She wanted to prove to her that they can be powerful enough to defeat Riser, to motivate her into taking this training seriously, but Rias was utterly stubborn. Akeno tried to nudge her into practicing but was only ever met with half-hearted attempts just so she could look good in front of the Tojo Clan Princess.

But everyone knew Rias would never be able to fool Akane. The human girl easily saw through her attempts but did not voice her frustrations or concerns at all. Though, everyone also knew that she was slowly but surely getting sick of it.

So if Rias wasn't going to do something about it, it was her peerage's responsibility to beat her enemies. Akeno would take care of Riser himself if it meant Rias got to be free from this constricting marriage. Akeno was saved by her once, and now it's her turn to save her.

She took a deep breath, her mana gathering between her hands as sparks of electricity danced around them. With a focused glare, Akeno unleashed another concentrated bolt of her thunder magic, one powerful enough to damage any High-class Devil, before falling to her knees.

Akeno tried to get her breathing under control, hands shaking uncontrollably, but soon enough, she managed it, eventually getting back up on her two feet. As she began to prepare another bolt, a voice called out to her and prompted her to dispel her magic.

"That's enough," Akane said, prompting the fallen-turned-devil to look at her leaning against a tree. "Any more could be more harmful than helpful."

"Ah, Amamiya-san." Akeno smiled politely. "I didn't notice you there. Did I perhaps wake you up? Thunder magic is quite loud after all."

"No, I just sensed you." Akane shook her head, then threw her a water bottle. "It's getting really late, y'know. Sun will rise in a few hours. I respect your work ethic, but at this point, what you're doing is torture. It won't help you at all."

"Thank you for your concern, but I'm alright. " Akeno said, her smile never faltering. "I can go on for much longer. Perhaps a few breaks here and there, but I'll be okay."

"Yes, but what about tomorrow?" The human girl raised a brow. "You'll be tired and won't be able to exercise as much. Sleep is important."

"True, but devils don't need to sleep as often as humans do, so time isn't quite an issue either." The former shrine maiden deflected. "I… need to do this. For Rias' sake."

Akane only hummed in response, staying quiet as Akeno gulped from her water bottle, feeling significantly better than before. Felt like she hadn't drunk anything for days.

"You know, at the very least, you can train smarter not harder."

"Oh?" Akeno tilted her head curiously at the suggestion. "And whatever could you mean?"

"Simple." Akane shrugged, her gaze suddenly sharpening. "Your birthright. Use that."

Akeno's smile immediately dropped, looking at the human girl in shock and slight unease.

"H-how did you–"

"How I know is none of your concern." Akane cut her off harshly, making her flinch. "What matters now is you throwing away that petty grudge aside and using your Holy Lightning."

"You have no right to order me around." Akeno scowled deeply, her tone doing a total 180. "My burden is none of your business, so stay out of it."

"So you'd rather let your friend lose her freedom to choose who to love?" Akane smirked condescendingly. "Rather cold, don't you think?"

"Shut it." The devil girl gritted her teeth. "You know nothing."

"Oh, I know enough." She responded, taking a step toward her. "I know full well how you feel, how much you think you suffered, but do you know what I think about that?"

Akeno flinched once more, her heart suddenly pounding wildly. The freezing glare on Akane's face was… it scared her. The fact that the weather suddenly felt cold did not make her feel better.

"I think you're fucking pathetic, more so than that stupid defeatist bitch can hope to be." She said coldly, her tone quiet but loud enough for her to hear. "Bottom of the barrel, miserable filth."

Akeno took a step back, her hands balling into fists as she refused to meet the human's eyes.

"Stuck in the past, incapable of ever moving on." Akane chuckled. "How can some lowlife like you ever hope to be useful? You can't. You're worthless."

"S-shut up," Akeno repeated. "You know nothing about me. You know nothing about the suffering I had to go throu–"

"My father died on my birthday." Akane suddenly revealed, shutting her up completely.

Akeno was so shocked at the blunt reveal, she looked up to gaze at the human directly, whose smirk never left her face. The suddenly dropped bombshell had her mouth agape, not quite knowing how to respond.

"Imagine that: Little Akane all excited and happy, constantly asking when Tou-san will come home so we can play around." She continued. "...Only to be told he'll never be back. Excruciating, isn't it? The rest of the year definitely was, and so was every birthday I had since then."

"W-why are you telling me this?" Akeno asked, both confused and intimidated. "What are you trying to say?"

"I'm saying that unlike you–" Akane poked her shoulder. "Despite the pain I had to go through, being reminded of his passing on every single birthday, I moved the fuck on."

Akeno flinched.

"I stopped whining about what the world took from me." She said. "I stopped having these stupid grudges, and I certainly stopped blaming other people for these accidents."

"It… wasn't an accident…" Akeno weakly defended, looking away.

"See? This is what I mean. You'll always be your sad little self, blaming everyone because holding onto that grudge makes you feel slightly better about yourself." Akane scoffed. "You sicken me. Absolutely vile, to let your own petty grievances be above your best friend. You don't care, you never did."

"I-I do care!" Akeno cried out, tears beginning to stream down her cheeks. "Of course I do! Rias is my best friend! S-she-"

"Then get a fucking grip, for fuck's sake!" Akane screamed at her. "What does Rias have to do with anything you had to go through?! Why the hell does she get to suffer because you couldn't set your stupid hatred aside for her?! Stop letting your past control you and move on already!"

Akeno wanted to refuse, she didn't want to hear it. Of course, she wanted to help Rias– she loved her more than anyone since her mother, more than even herself, but she also despised that side of her.

She hated it for what it did. It was why she instantly accepted Rias' offer to become a devil because then she wouldn't be who she hated, a chance to finally accept and love herself. Though, she knew in the back of her mind, that she will never, ever get rid of it.

She couldn't possibly bring herself to use it– it was a stain on her soul and blood. She wouldn't– she will not hold that power, no matter what… but was it worth it? Did she truly value her own hatred more than Rias?

"Whatever." Akane clicked her tongue after a moment of silence. "Do what you want. Hopefully, you'll think about it and finally, decide to pull your head out of your own ass for once in your pitiful life. I don't really care either way."

Akeno couldn't even call her out on that, feeling too mentally and physically tired. As Akane left her on her own, the devil girl fell to her knees and choked back a sob, the exhaustion finally catching up to her. Tears ran down her cheeks and onto the ground.

Truly, there was nothing she hated more than herself.


– Akane Amamiya –

That felt good but not as good as I wanted it to. I held myself back from going too far and demotivating her too, so I didn't really say everything I wanted to say. Plus, my anger was getting the better of me, and that was bad.

I need to get a better hold of my anger, so going off too hard on that moron wasn't the smartest thing to do, especially seeing that it could be far more detrimental to me in the long run. She'd be far less motivated and I'd be less liked by the other devils. I did mean everything I said, though. So in that department, I didn't go easy on her.

In all honesty, I didn't want to be negative on her at first. I wanted to be more inspiring and the like, but my resentment and rage got the better of me and it all spiraled down from there.

… I don't think I'll be able to contain the rage inside me if this keeps happening. Catching a glimpse of the redhead bitch was enough to piss me off to no end, and that's not healthy at all. I need to motivate her before I blow up on her.

After my and Sona's extensive training – literally from morning until midnight – I spared her from going any harder and let her go back. This was the hardest we've ever trained, with the past two days mostly spent on making them adjust, so the girl was limping and gasping the whole way back.

It was kinda funny, but I felt oddly proud of her. She took my training very seriously. That makes me feel better at least. Her peerage, too. They were incredibly enthusiastic about training, especially that Ruruko girl.

Fuck, Rias' peerage trained a million times harder than she did. Koneko and Kiba spent most of their time in the gym, alongside Ichi and some of Sona's, while Akeno was nearly killing herself with her training.

She's still a dumbass though. All this pain when she could've just done minimal training with her Holy Lightning and easily made the biggest difference, but no. Daddy is bad, so I don't use his incredibly powerful side that'll make the entire match a fucking cakewalk.

Fuck me, it's stupider every time I think about it.

Still, though, I hate the fact that I wasn't able to get Asia with me. She would've been very helpful, damn it. Ichi broke his nose today and she could've instantly fixed him like it's nothing.

Why can't anything be easy for once?

As I'm walking to the building, still fairly deep into the forest, I stop and pause as an idea crosses my mind. Maybe I can't do anything about Asia without bringing suspicions from my mother, but someone else can?

Worth a try.

I take out my phone and dial-up Majima's number, waiting for him to pick up. A minute passes, but no response, making me frown. He's busy maybe? I mean, there are cameras everywhere here, extremely small ones too, but why would that make him–

"Yo."

His voice makes me jump with a startled gasp. I turn around and see him leaning on a tree, looking at me with a smirk.

"How do you keep doing that?" I ask, genuinely curious.

"Yer a lil too young ta know that." He chuckles, making me scoff in slight annoyance. "So whaddya want?"

"Right…" I cross my arms. "You know the blond girl living with Kaa-san?"

"Hm? Ah, the Italian girl?" He nods. "So ya want her here?"

"If it's possible," I confirm. "I don't know what my Kaa-san will do if she thinks Asia got kidnapped, so I at least want her to know that she's in trusted hands."

"Consider it done." He throws a thumbs-up. "Anythin' else?"

"That's it, thanks," I say, then pause in thought for a moment, getting another great idea. "Actually..."

"Yeah?" Majima, who is on his way back to… wherever he was, stops and looks at me.

"I have another idea." I smile. "A very good one."

"Hoh?" He mirrors my smirk, listening intently. "Well, let's hear it."

If this actually works…

Then Rias and Akeno might not be all that necessary after all.


– Rias Gremory –

Seeing everyone so motivated to work made her feel slightly guilty about herself, but what could she do anyway? She tried to tell them it was useless, that it really wouldn't matter in the end, but nobody ever listened to her. None of them could understand, not Sona and her peerage, and especially not Akane.

Seriously, Rias only showed up out of kindness, not to get the girl's judging stares everywhere she went. Yeah, sure, she only put minimal effort into this training, and that was because it was pointless. Sure, she might feel good while doing it, but it wouldn't help her in the long run.

She was well and truly screwed against Riser, so unless some miracle were to show itself soon, Rias won't feel one bit motivated to do anything. Growing stronger won't make her able to go through Riser's nigh invulnerability.

Of course, Rias couldn't just tell Akane that, because aside from it being incredibly rude, frankly, the girl kinda scared her. She was too hot-headed and blunt, not caring if her occasional rude remarks hurt anyone. And with the ways she'd been looking at Rias recently, it was better left unsaid.

Fifth day of training, and Rias still felt utterly drained at the beginning of it. Waking up was tough, getting off her bed was equally difficult, and wearing her bloomers felt impossible, but she knew the consequences of sleeping in would be a lot worse.

She saw it happening to Issei. To wake him up, Akane straight-up poured an entire bucket of ice-cold water on his head. It was… fairly amusing, she had to admit, with the way he screamed like a little girl. Safe to say he never slept in again

She shared a room with Akeno, though, so she'd never actually sleep in with her Queen by her side, ready to wake her up whenever. Akeno was very disciplined in that regard, which was always nice to see.

Though, she noticed an odd change in her Queen. She was a lot quieter, smiled a lot less, and looked… exhausted. Mentally exhausted. She'd barely give anyone a smile anymore, not even a fake one, and it worried the redhead.

What had happened to her friend? She'd been like this the entire day, so what was wrong? She tried to ask, but Akeno only said that she was tired. Now, Rias wasn't exactly some gullible moron, she knew that her Queen was lying, but she didn't want to press the issue.

Akeno didn't even follow her back to the building after their 'session', which was basically playing ball with their magic, saying she wanted to train on her own for a while. Whatever happened, it must've shaken her greatly. Rias wanted to help, but she didn't know what to do with her friend's distance.

So instead, Rias went back on her own, feeling even worse than before. Why do her friends keep doing this? Training for their unavoidable defeat? Why were they so hellbent on getting her out of that marriage when they'd already lost their chance?

As Rias headed towards the door, she spotted Akane and Sona next to it, with the former giving her a judgemental glance. Rias wore a fake smile and waved slightly, putting her hand on the doorknob.

Before Rias entered, the human girl spoke.

"Where do you think you're going?" Akane said tonelessly.

"I'm taking a break." She lied.

"And where's Akeno?" Sona questioned.

"She said she'll catch up with me in a few minutes." Rias lied again. "I'll wait for her until then."

As Rias was about to leave it at that, Akane suddenly grabbed her by the arm, her grip very firm. The devil heiress flinched, and before she asked what this was all about, Akane spoke, her voice very cold.

"We're sparring." She said. "Now."

"B-but–"

"You won't go inside until we spar," Akane growled. "Got it?"

Rias flinched, inwardly groaning in exasperation at the headstrong human girl, but nodded. Whatever, not like it was anything other than a mild inconvenience. She'd give her the fight and then she could be on her merry way.

She expected to go deep into the forest, but instead, she was dragged to the courtyard, where almost everyone was at the moment. Rias didn't quite expect herself to be fighting in front of a crowd, but did that really make a difference?

…Well, quite truthfully, there was added pressure, but it didn't really matter in the end, did it?

As everyone turned to look at the commotion, Akane made a distance between herself and Rias. A… very short distance. That was like, ten meters? This is supposed to be a magical duel, right? Mage versus mage?

"I-isn't this quite–"

"It's good enough." Akane cut Rias off, seemingly reading her mind. "Sona."

"Of course." Sona nodded, looking concerned and serious. "Are you two ready?"

The two girls confirmed, prompting her to nod once again.

"Then the match will begin in three, two, one…"

Rias readied her Power of Destruction, magical circles forming around her hands. Her opponent, surprisingly enough, did not move an inch. Not for a stance, not even preparing her ice magic. She just stood there, glaring at the devil's soul.

Rias didn't know what Akane was planning at the moment, but she felt uneasy as she awaited the final countdown.

"Go!"

As soon as she heard that, Rias unleashed two blasts of her Bael heritage, which Akane casually evaded by tilting her head and sidestepping. The devil girl flinched as Akane suddenly rushed towards her, faster than she could react, and landed a heavy punch on her face.

Rias recoiled and gasped in pain, blood pouring down her nose as she stumbled back. She quickly recollected herself, but not fast enough to evade a kick on the same spot. The blow was strong enough to send her skidding across the hard ground.

The redhead flinched in pain but immediately got back up on her feet, preparing another blast of her magic, but Akane was already in front of her, grabbing the extended arm, bending it, then elbowing Rias in the same damned spot again.

As Rias tried to do something to protect herself, Akane punched her right in the gut hard enough to knock the wind out of her. The redhead's eyes bulged out of her skull as she tried to breathe, failing to do so as the brutal human girl did it again.

And again.

And again.

Rias wanted to call off the fight right then and there, as apparently, everyone was too shocked by the brutal display to do anything. She wanted to say that she forfeits, that she didn't want to fight anymore. She wanted to scream it but wasn't able to as Akane suddenly tightly grabbed her by the neck.

Rias gasped, trying to get some air inside her lungs, but on top of being choked, the cold, unforgiving eyes on the human girl made her almost forget how to breathe. The veins on her forehead were visible, the disdain and overwhelming rage on her face were prominent, and a sense of fear gripped the devil's heart.

She desperately tried to get the iron grip off her neck, kicking and flailing around as her very magic failed to respond due to the terror she felt, but nothing she did worked in her favor.

"Wretched." Akane growled, seeming to barely contain the fury raging inside of her. "Your very existence disgusts me, Rias."

"E-enough!" Sona suddenly said. "You win, Akane. Let Rias go."

Akane only tightened her grip, prompting the redhead devil to start tearing up from the lack of breath. She couldn't do anything, not with how overwhelmed she felt. This sheer terror prevented her from focusing. She couldn't even do magic in this state.

"Oi." Ichiban stepped forward, a very worried but determined look on his face, and firmly gripped Akane's shoulder. "That's enough."

Akane clicked her tongue in annoyance, but relented, letting Rias fall to her knees, gasping and coughing. She felt herself shake as Sona rushed to her side, putting a comforting hand on her back as Rias panted less and less, finally getting her breathing under control.

Rias slowly peeked at her opponent's expression, and saw nothing but rage and contempt, making her flinch. She'd never seen someone with this look before, certainly not directed at her. Not even Riser ever looked at her this way, and she was sure he hated her.

"Not even ten seconds into this duel, and you already wanted to give up," Akane said, eyes glaring at her very soul. "You're a fucking joke."

"Akane, this is enough!" Sona glared at her. "You've–"

"Quiet." She responded coldly, making her childhood friend flinch. "Someone as worthless as she doesn't deserve your sympathy or kindness."

"That's not for you to decide–"

"As her 'beloved family' breaks their backs trying to get this fuck up of an heiress out of a problem she should've solved years ago–" Akane cut her off, pointing and glaring at Rias as if she was nothing but trash. "She has the gall to cry and complain about how unfair all of it is. She's never once even fucking tried to take it seriously."

Rias looked down, hands grasping a fistful of dirt in frustration.

"You think I'll be all smiles and tell her how great she's doing? Like all the fucking yes-men she's had over the years? I don't do that here." She said angrily. "I say it as I see it, and you, Gremory, are nothing more than a whiny, pathetic little brat, desperate to pull every trick in the book to avoid accountability."

"Akane…" Sona growled warningly.

"Tell me I'm wrong?" She turned to look at the Sitri Heiress who did not give a response. "If I was, she wouldn't even be in this situation. Has she even tried to lift a finger to help herself? No. She'd rather cry to 'Onii-chan' so he can shield her from any responsibility, like the spoilt little bitch she is.

"So is she even worthy of respect? Of leadership? Someone who couldn't even begin to solve her own problems?!" Akane continued, growing angrier with every word that came out of her mouth. "Are you, ANY OF YOU, proud of this?! One who would give up even before the fight started?!"

The addressed peerage of Rias, mostly Koneko and Kiba, flinched violently but were too intimidated to say anything, which only made her feel even worse. Why weren't they saying anything? Why weren't they… denying…it…

Rias' breath was labored, but not due to the lack of breathing from earlier. Her heart pounded wildly as her emotions began to run wild. The tremble in her arms became noticeable, and not even Sona's comforting hand made her calm down.

"You got so desperate, you even asked ME For help, your supposed enemy!" She spoke incredulously. "And now look what happens? Your idiot friend wasting every bit of my generosity just so she can wallow in her own self-pity and defeatism. Congratu-fucking-lations. We're so proud of you, Gremory. Absolutely outstanding."

Nobody argued, not like they could, and for a minute, there was nothing but tense silence. Akane then sighed deeply, though, it sounded more like she was taking a deep, calming breath than anything.

"Whatever. I'm done." She said with a much calmer tone. "I give up. There's no helping someone who doesn't want to be helped. Just go home. Can't believe I wasted my fucking time with you morons."

As Akane was about to leave, Rias spoke, stopping her in her tracks.

"What am I supposed to do, then?"

As if she was frozen solid, Akane did not move for a while, but quietly parroted her words.

"What are you supposed to do?" She muttered quietly, slowly turning around. "Are you being serious right now?"

"You think you know everything, but you can't even begin to comprehend what I know!" Rias argued, raising her voice as she stood up back on her feet. Frustration and rage spilled through every word. "You think some measly training is gonna help me win this?! In two damned weeks no less?! Are you fucking delusional?!"

Akane's pupils suddenly shrunk and she rushed forward, grabbing the redhead by the collar as she snarled.

"I'M delusional?! Are you fucking kidding me?!" She screamed, but this time, Rias met her glare with her own. "Are you hearing yourself you braindead whore?! I'm not the one who's whining about this being pointless, I'm not the one who didn't even TRY to take this fight seriously!"

"You clearly don't listen when someone tells you what they know, you pretentious bitch!" Rias shot back. "Riser can't be defeated on such short notice!"

"That dumbfuck isn't as invincible as you make him out to be–"

"You don't know anything–"

"I WIPED THE FUCKING FLOOR WITH HIM IN FRONT OF YOU!" Akane roared, ice slowly covering Rias' shirt. "HOW CAN YOU STILL BE IN SO MUCH DENIAL?!"

The audience finally made their move, pulling the girls off each other as Akane struggled to drag everyone that was keeping her at bay. The animalistic snarl on her face made it clear that she had lost control, and if she made it to Rias, she would not hold back. The very ground under her began to freeze as her magic leaked.

"How dare you insist that after what you witnessed!" The human girl growled deeply. "How fucking dare you waste the time you were given by accepting defeat when your friends try their hardest to give you whatever advantage they could!"

"I didn't ASK to be here!" Rias argued. "You dragged me into this meaningless boot camp, and for what? So you can stroke your ego?!"

"I did this on your friend's request, you blithering dipshit!" Akane said, pointing at Sona. "Right after she nearly got on her knees and begged me to help you!"

Rias flinched and glanced at Sona for a moment, not responding to the rage-filled human as her childhood friend looked away.

"So why can't show some respect and take these few days seriously?!" She questioned. "Even if that kaarage reject was as invincible as you say is, the least you can do is make him work for that victory, and not simply bend over and let him do as he damned pleases!"

Rias, in a sudden moment of vulnerability, could not continue the argument.

"Now I've seen just how fucking worthless you are, I hope you get stuck with him for the rest of your life!" She continued to scream. "Someone like you doesn't deserve these loyal friends who would rather tear their own pride to shreds and humiliate themselves than ever see you in such a position!"

That seemed to shake the redhead a little as she flinched at it, losing her will to deny whatever the Yakuza Princess – who was currently trying to tear Rias a new one – said. She didn't know what to say or do, so she settled to look down at the cold ground.

Thankfully, after a moment of being held back, Akane seemingly calmed down, The human girl stopped struggling, scoffed, and left the courtyard, but not before whispering a few last words of mockery.

"What a disgrace…"

With that, Akane headed towards the building, Ichiban giving them a nod before following after. Sona helped Rias up as she spoke to her peerage, but the redhead was too out of it to comprehend what she was saying.

There were too many thoughts running through her head. Rias couldn't even think clearly, not when she was hit with all of that. She felt emotionally drained, she could barely stand anymore. She didn't want to do anything. She didn't want to think of anything.

She just felt so tired.


I understand that some of you might not really like how Rias is written here because it kinda sounds like I'm bashing her, but trust me, this is not my intention at all.

I promise you Rias will be a much better character soon, possibly becoming one of Akane's most trusted confidants. Just bear with me for now, yeah?

Also, here's some commission I had like a week or so ago.

Spoiler: Akane petting an invisible cat
Last edited: Sep 28, 2022
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot and 286 others
Mirlnir
Sep 28, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 21: Revelation
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Nov 1, 2022
Add bookmark
#362
– Mizuki Amamiya –

Mizuki didn't know what it was with horror movies' terrible depiction of gore, but she had to admit, it's always been incredibly entertaining. She'd seen real gore, of others and herself, so she always couldn't help but giggle at how inaccurate they were, especially slasher movies.

This made her look like a psychopath whenever she went to the cinema, but at least she wasn't alone in that regard. Her daughter would laugh at the usually stupid decisions made by the victims, utterly unbothered by the 'horror' elements. Hell, she'd root for the villain most of the time, because in her words, "if you're that idiotic, you deserve being torn to pieces".

Which was fair. Her daughter used to scream at the screen in anger whenever said stupid decisions were made, so it was nice to see her not wasting her energy anymore. Never in the cinemas of course, only at home. Akane could be rude, and she couldn't care less about public decency, but she still had some manners.

Speaking of, she kind of missed her daughter already. It'd been around a week since she'd gone on that trip with her class. Mizuki was so bored, she wanted someone to tease and annoy, and Asia was too pure. She didn't even think it was possible to annoy such an adorable little ray of sunshine.

And she doubted she'd get the reaction she wanted. Akane wouldn't hesitate to try to gouge out Mizuki's eyes, but Asia was too friendly to even raise her voice. It was like comparing a tiger to a newborn kitten. Totally different.

She still thought it was weird. The whole camping trip with the class is one thing, but to announce it so abruptly? Suddenly they have a camping trip and some crap, without any prior knowledge.

And it's not like Akane liked camping. Her daughter relied too much on technology to be enjoying the wildlife, and the last time they did go on a trip, she'd complain nonstop about the most trivial stuff. "Kaa-san, my phone is out of power." "Kaa-san, my goddamn shoe fell down into the river." "Kaa-san, there are too many fucking mosquitos. I can't sleep."

Seriously, just shut up for a few minutes.

…Okay, that last one was totally understandable, but still. She hadn't known her daughter could be that whiny. Then again, she was like, thirteen at the time. She complained about a lot of things because puberty. Maybe she changed her mind and now she liked camping? But since when?

Something was off about this. Akane was strangely motivated for something like that. Every message Mizuki sent would be seen and promptly ignored, barring a few. She'd check up on her personally, but she didn't want to look like a creep, and seeing one of her overly lovey-dovey messages get a 'Kill yourself' as a response at least made her feel a little better about this whole thing.

She sipped from her beer and glanced at Asia, who wore a basic blue dress with white accents, shaking in terror with her eyes shut. She had to admit, this was pretty amusing, but she also felt pretty bad about it. It was very clear that Asia couldn't exactly stomach these kinds of movies, but when Mizuki offered to change it…

Well, she refused, saying it was her pick since Asia picked something else last time. Totally different indeed. She even had some shame. Unlike somebody she knew.

"Are you sure you don't want me to put something else?" She asked in English.

"I-I'm fine! I can- I can watch this!" Asia said, not watching anything. Because her eyes are closed. "You don't have to change it for me!"

"It's fiiine. No skin off my back." Mizuki rolled her eyes. "I expected this one to be fun since I never watched it, but it's boring. I'll just put in some anime instead."

"A-ah…" Asia slowly opened her eyes as Mizuki paused the movie. "Then, c-can we… watch the funny rubber boy again?"

"Of course, we can." Mizuki nodded, proud of herself for having gotten someone into the best anime to ever grace these lands.

Thank you, Oda. Very cool.

As Mizuki got up from the couch to put on One Piece, she paused as someone rang the doorbell. She blinked and looked at the front door, sensing someone very familiar. Huh, she didn't know he was here too.

Ah right, Daigo sent him to keep Majima in line since that incident. But to come to her directly? Odd. The last time she checked, she didn't really have anything that they might need. She already gave them all the information about the Amon she knew.

Her mind betrayed her and immediately assumed the worst, a nervous sweat trailing down her brow. Did something happen to her daughter?

Mizuki headed towards the door and put on her usual confident look, with Asia curiously following her to see who was at the door. The mother opened the front door, looking at the towering man in a green jacket. He had the look and body of a veteran, a seemingly permanent scowl plastered on his slightly wrinkled face.

Asia flinched, intimidated by the stature of this absolute behemoth of a man, but Mizuki merely waved and grinned happily.

"Yo, Saejima!" She greeted. "Long time no see. It's been years!"

Taiga Saejima smiled slightly at that, and Mizuki almost sighed in relief. That probably meant that the worst hadn't come to pass. That's good.

"Mizuki." He nodded, giving Asia a glance. "Good to see you again."

"Come in," Mizuki said, ushering him inside. "We have a lot to talk about. Tea or coffee?"

"I'm good, thanks." He said, closing the door behind him as Asia retreated to the kitchen, hiding behind the counter. "I came here to talk to you about somethin'."

"That much I've gathered." She deadpanned, then her grin returned. "Still not very good at small talk, are you?"

"Yes." He said bluntly as he sat down on the couch. "It's about the girl."

Absolutely terrible at it. Mizuki thought in exasperation. I suppose that's part of his charm, though.

"Yes, what about her?" She glanced at Asia, who was curiously looking at Saejima but still fairly intimidated to join in the conversation.

"The Tojo Clan wants to take her off yer hand–"

"Not happening."

"–For a time." He finished without a beat. "She'll be back here safe and sound, Mizuki. We just want to ask her a few questions and run some tests."

"Oh." She blinked. "Why is that?"

"We found some of them bugs in those prisoners. Energy suppressors." Saejima responded, leaning closely and lowering his voice. Mizuki frowned slightly. This again… "She probably has 'em too."

"Already taken care of." She replied and lowered her voice, thankful that Asia wasn't quite at a level where she could follow the conversation. "Yes, definitely Amon tech, so you don't need to ask. She's pretty much clean now."

"We can't be too sure." He argued. "We don't know what else they might be hidin'. Could be another piece of tech, maybe somethin' in her blood."

She couldn't rule out that possibility. The Amon would do something like that, and it is wiser to be paranoid when they're involved. They'd do the most tedious bullshit just to hide an already obscure-as-all-hell evidence even more.

But she was still a little hesitant.

"Why now?" Mizuki questioned. "Couldn't you have just checked the other prisoners? Ran more tests?"

"We did. Turned up with nothin'." He answered truthfully. "But this is someone with a Sacred Gear. We don't know what they might've done to her, so it's better to be safe."

Mizuki couldn't argue with that. Having a Sacred Gear already made you a lot more important than most soldiers. Adding that it was Twilight Healing? A pretty rare and sought-out Sacred Gear? Well, Mizuki was pretty surprised that she wasn't hunted down even more.

Equally surprised that the Church outright kicked her out, but eh, they'd made stupider decisions.

"I… suppose." Mizuki clicked her tongue. Something still felt kinda off about this. "Let me ask her first, alright? If she doesn't want to go–"

"We won't force her." He agreed.

"Good." She nodded. "How long?"

"Ten days."

Huh, around the same time Akane came back. Funny coincidence.

Mizuki stood up and approached the blond nun with a reassuring smile. Asia smiled back, a little confused.

"Are you okay?" Mizuki asked. "You were looking at Saejima very intensely."

"Um, yeah, I just… think he's kind of scary." She clarified. "He looks angry. What did you talk about? Did something happen?"

"Pft, him? Oh please, he's like a giant teddy bear." Mizuki rolled her eyes, pointing at him. "Nothing's wrong, Asia. He just wanted to check up on you."

"Me?"

"Yes. Since those bad men and Fallen Angels had you at first." The mother explained. "Listen, I know this might sound a little scary, but can you go with him for a bit?"

"Huh? But go where?" Asia frowned in concern. "What's going on?"

"Nothing's going on. I just want you to trust me on this, alright?" Mizuki said, trying to assure her. "If you don't want to, that's alright. I'll just tell him to leave now, and nobody will hold it against you. It's your choice in the end."

Asia glanced at the man cautiously, who was on the couch looking at the table in front of him with an unmoving expression.

"I just want you to know that he's a good and kind man. He will not let any harm come to you." The older woman continued. "And he promised that he'll bring you back here again."

"I…" Asia blinked a few times, then looked back at Mizuki with a determined look. "I trust you."

"Thank you, Asia." Mizuki hugged her affectionately. "How about we go out and do something fun when you come back?"

Asia smiled and nodded.

"She agreed," Mizuki said, referring to Saejima. "Don't let anything happen to her. The responsibility is on you."

Saejima nodded and stood up as Asia hesitantly approached him, and the giant bear of a man tried his best to give her the most disarming smile he could muster, which did nothing but make her flinch.

"At least you tried," Mizuki muttered to herself as she saw the two leave the house.

She followed them and waved Asia goodbye, who waved back with a smile and rode the limousine waiting for them on the road. Here went her only company for the time being.

Now what to do…


– Akeno Himejima –

When she got back from her personal training deep into the forest, mostly to get some refreshment, Akeno didn't expect to come back to a big commotion involving her King. There was tension so heavy that it affected her, and she didn't even know what had happened.

So she met up with Tsubaki and a few others, asking what was going on and why everyone was in distress. At first, Sona's Queen hesitated, not knowing how she might react, but spilled everything to her.

Akane and Rias got into a fight– a duel that led to a screaming match between them, and the human girl said some vile things that made the redhead barely responsive. Seemingly more depressed than she already was.

Of course, when Akeno heard that, she quickly asked where Rias was and headed toward the room they shared. It might not have been much, but she experienced just how much Akane could hurt with mere words. What she said was still in her mind, and no matter what she did, Akeno just could not ignore it.

It somewhat terrified her. She didn't know when Akane learned about her past or who told her, but to rip apart all her comforting thoughts about not using her heritage anymore and forcing her to face reality was a skill she did not expect her to have. She didn't know what she said to Rias exactly, but the redhead wasn't exactly in the best place mentally.

She wasn't necessarily wrong, either, which is what made it so effective. Akeno had a few days to think about it, and realized that yes, she was letting her own hatred and grudge blind her. She was making this so much harder than it has any right to be. She felt nothing but disgust to admit it, but the past was indeed controlling her.

However, she's still unsure if she was brave enough to call upon that side of her.

Akeno paused as she saw Sona right in front of the door of their room, sighing deeply as she closed it. She approached Rias' childhood friend, putting her hand on the doorknob before being stopped.

"Don't." Sona said, firmly gripping her arm.

"But–"

"She doesn't want to be bothered." She continued, letting go of Akeno.

Akeno stayed quiet, silently staring at the door. She didn't move an inch, lost in her own thoughts as the many different possibilities of how that situation turned out ran through her mind. What did Akane say? How did Rias take it? Is it as bad as she's thinking, or even worse?

Why wasn't she there to stop the whole thing? She saw the signs– Akane calling Rias a 'defeatist bitch' when she confronted Akeno should've been obvious that she was the human girl's next target. If Akane was capable of saying all those cruel things to her, then what was stopping her from saying the same or even worse to her King?

"Let her rest," Sona said as she walked away, stopping Akeno's train of thought. "You can talk to her when she calms down."

"Where are you going?" Akeno asked, making her stop.

"...Practising." She answered, sounding slightly confused.

"So you're just letting this go?" Rias' Queen glared at Sona. "You won't even try to retaliate?"

"No," Sona said bluntly. "That would only escalate the situation even further. We don't want that."

"Right, let her walk all over you, then." Akeno scoffed. "You've been sucking up to her from the moment she got here, why should this be any different."

Sona suddenly turned around, a genuine angry scowl plastered on her face as she pinned Akeno to the wall, making her flinch. That was a look she's never seen on her before, not even in her imagination.

"Do you honestly think I'm fine with this?" She growled. "Don't be daft."

"You still refuse to even confront her about it. You won't even try, because these stupid politics are more important than your childhood friend" Akeno argued, pushing her away. "But that's fine, it's not your responsibility anyway. It's mine."

As Akeno got away, she was once again grabbed by Sona, this time being roughly pulled back as the Sitri Heiress nearly yelled at her face.

"You will NOT destroy whatever possibility of reconciliation with the Tojo Clan remains just to feed your petty ego." She hissed in rage, struggling to keep her voice down. "I may not be your King, but I'm still your superior, and you will listen to what I say. Or else."

Akeno flinched in slight fear, feeling the heavy pressure of Sona's demonic magic.

"Don't you dare mistake my lack of action for weakness, Akeno," Sona continued. "I refuse to let my own emotions jeopardize what I've been trying to do since Amamiya came to Kuoh. I refuse to be responsible for any potential war."

Sona slowly calmed herself, taking a deep breath through her nose as her grip over Akeno's arm loosened.

"I understand how you're feeling, but please, please don't escalate this." She muttered, Akeno's frown softening slightly as she heard the pleading in Sona's tone. "For Rias' sake, too."

After a moment of silence, Akeno nodded slowly, prompting Sona to let go of her.

"Thank you."

With that, Sona left her to her own devices, walking away. She regretted confronting Sona about this– of course, she was struggling too, however, a part of Akeno thought that the Sitri Heiress would've at least tried to give Akane a piece of her mind. It was unlike her to let insults to Rias like that slide, but Akeno also realized that at least one of them needed to keep a cool head.

She felt ashamed that she thought about confronting Akane directly. It's not like Akeno had any authority, and with how she was verbally thrashed that night, she'd just embarrass herself and Rias. Was there nothing she could do to help, though? Just sit there and do nothing?

After a minute of thought, Akeno stared down at her trembling hand, her heart threatening to leap out of her chest. The mental blocks made it nearly impossible to even force herself to do it. It honestly scared her, far more than anything in her life.

But if it was for Rias, then she'd do it. She'd do anything.

A determined frown took over her face, and the struggle finally stopped when Holy Lightning danced around her hand.


– Akane Amamiya –

-15 Reputation with Akeno Himejima [-5/100]

For fuck's sake, I get it. I was a bitch there. That's enough decrease in Reputation with literally everyone, Game. Please.

I knew had anger management issues, but god, it was a lot worse than I thought. I expected maybe to last a few more days before losing control, but that was not the case at all. If anything, I feel pretty embarrassed about it.

Sure, it felt good saying all that to the bimbo at the time and seeing everyone intimidated by me felt admittedly empowering, but working only in the short term is stupid. I may have possibly ruined any chance I have at seeing Riser getting his ass handed to him because of that temper tantrum I threw.

Goddamn it. Look what you've done, you dumbass.

Though, this might've been the wake-up call I needed, ironically enough. The Sin of Wrath trait is a much bigger problem than I first expected, and it needs to go fast. It should be the first thing I work on before getting stronger or whatnot. It's a huge weakness.

But I don't know how to go about it. What the hell am I supposed to do to control my anger better? What, am I supposed to go to therapy or something? Because fuck that. That'll take way too much time, far more than I can give.

Maybe my mother has an idea. She used to have similar issues when she was younger from what I remember, but not anymore, so she likely curbed her anger somehow, and I really doubt it's through therapy.

Game, can you give me a quest or something? Anything that could put me on the path to getting rid of that issue for me. I think the system is my best bet at permanently eliminating my anger problems.

Trivial matter.

Are you certain, though?
​
What? Well, yes, obviously. You saw what it did back there. It's probably the worst trait I could have in this somewhat of a political setting. I don't want to be manipulated through my anger– I'm lucky that I haven't met someone who's smart enough to do that yet.

I'm not sure why you're asking.

Because the trait isn't as harmful as you think.
​
…Elaborate.

Simple. You're part Yokai.

A race that can grow through strong emotions.
​
Ah… Yeah, alright, that's a very good point. Aside from the trait's actual benefits of increased physical stats, my mother said a Yokai's magical power could grow exponentially with rage. Shit, I didn't think about that.

But still, I need to somehow get better control over my emotions. Sure, maybe not get rid of it, but stopping myself from getting pissy over insignificant shit not going my way will help a lot. Can't you do something about that?

Very well.​

Quest added

[In Control of Oneself] – Quest

Objective: Meditate for a collective of 720 hours [0/720]

Rewards: [Tempered Fury] Perk, 2000 to WIS

…Meditative training? Really? I mean, thanks for indulging me, but seven hundred? That's an entire month of sitting on my ass and doing nothing. How the hell am I supposed to do all of that in a short amount of time? I don't even know how to properly meditate.

Can't you maybe reduce the needed time?

No.​

Ugh, this is gonna be annoying to complete. I'm guessing this perk is probably gonna help with the Sin of Wrath trait. At least that's gonna keep me interested in the quest. And that two thousand in wisdom – four thousand with my Rising Star perk – will help a lot.

But what to do with the current situation…

"You good to talk now?" Ichiban asks after following me to one of the living rooms.

"...Yeah, I'm okay," I say after a moment.

"You're still mad." He deadpans.

"I said I'm fine." I insist.

"You say that, but you look like you want to kick me in the balls." He argues.

"Do you want to be kicked in the balls?" I narrow my eyes.

"N-no?"

"Then you better stop being a smartass."

"Okay, okay, got the message." He steps back. "Relax."

…Ugh, he really doesn't deserve my bitching. I really am still mad, goddamn it.

"I'm sorry," I sigh. "Thinking about the consequences of what I just did back there is already bad enough. She's definitely not winning that match now."

"That's what you're worried about?" He asks. "Not the fact that you just ripped her a new one?"

"Why would I care about that?" I blink, slightly confused.

"Akane, that was wholly unnecessary and cruel." He frowns a little. "You didn't have to say any of that stuff to her when she was already struggling, and definitely not in front of everyone. That's just cold, even for you."

"Are you seriously taking her side?" I growl, uncrossing my arms as I feel my earlier rage bubbling again.

"I'm not taking anybody's side." He responds firmly, not one bit intimidated. "I'm just saying you could've taken a way better approach than kick her when she's already down. That's not right."

"Oh wow, so I'm the bad guy in this scenario?" I scoff, smiling condescendingly, however tight my chest has suddenly become. "Real nice of you, Ichi. And here I thought you liked me more than devils."

"It's not about that, and you know it." He scowls. "For fuck's sake, have you ever seen her before the duel? Hell, even before this whole trip? If I didn't know any better, I'd think she was depressed. Dragging her here and then breaking her down even more isn't helping."

"Ever thought that this is what she needs to hear? They've been coddling her for years– clearly, the nice and patient way isn't working for her." I argue. "I couldn't give a flying fuck if she thought I was rude or annoying. If she wants out of this shit marriage, then she needs to stop being a little bitch and work for that victory."

"That's not the point!" He replies in frustration. "I know what she has to do, I'm saying that's not the right way to go about it. Yes, it's annoying and frustrating for Rias to not take this seriously, and I'm not saying you shouldn't be mad, but couldn't have you taken her somewhere private and talked it out? Before going full throttle like this?"

"And you think she's gonna listen to me?" I raise a brow, still not convinced. "When not even her best friend and her brother were able to get to her."

"Yes. I know for damn sure that you could've gotten through to her." He says without missing a beat, surprising me. "You're the best person who comes to mind about this stuff. I just don't understand why you didn't start off with that first. It isn't like you."

I don't know why, but hearing this made me feel a weird mixture of negative and positive emotions.

"Maybe because I don't think it would work? Ever thought of that?" I respond defensively. "I mean, I appreciate the faith you have in me, but how the hell is this my fault?"

"I–..." He stops himself from continuing and groans. "This is going nowhere."

I scoff but don't give another response as Ichiban continues.

"Okay, can you just apolo–"

"She can go fuck herself instead."

"–gize. Of course not." He sighs. "Then maybe not talk or even approach Rias at least. Can you do that please?"

"I wasn't planning to in the first place." I shrug. "I'll just focus on her friends. She clearly doesn't want to be helped anyway."

"Good. Thanks." He says.

"I didn't even think you cared about them that much," I say. "What, you got attached?"

"Listen, I just think that maybe they're not that different from us after all." He replies. "They just seemed so normal. They have their own hobbies and interests, likes and dislikes, dreams and aspirations. It's not fair to generalize all of them because of one bad apple, you get me?"

"You're too nice," I say bluntly. "You're better off keeping them at arm's length. They're still technically enemies."

"I know that." He nods. "Doesn't mean you have to be a dick to them."

…His naivete is as adorable as it is infuriating.

"Well, I said what I wanted to say." He rubs the back of his neck, shifting awkwardly. "I'll go back to train now. Ruruko's wanted to spar with me since yesterday."

As he's about to go, my phone's sudden vibration makes the two of us pause. I take it out and see a message from Majima telling me that someone is waiting for me outside. I frown, but then my eyes widen as I understand what this could mean. No way, are they seriously done with my request already?

"What is it?" Ichiban asks.

"Not sure, but I might have an idea," I answer. "Come on."

We go outside and head towards the gate, seeing a limo parked in front of it. Some of the girls were curiously looking at it from inside the courtyard but never approach it. I do, however, and as I get close, the door opens and Asia gets out.

Asia freezes for a moment as she sees me, smiling brightly as she tackles me in an embrace.

"Akane! I missed you!" She says, making me gently rub her head with a smile.

"Yeah, I missed you too," I respond, returning the hug before glancing at the man that got out of the car after her.

I expected Majima to be honest, but I was wrong. It was a very tall man with a buzzcut, wearing a green jacket, black shirt, and camo pants. He looked quite a bit older than most Yakuza I've seen, but holy shit he's huge.

Name: Taiga Saejima

Title: The Tiger of the Tojo Clan

HP - ???

MP - ???

SP - ???

Race: Human

LVL - ???

STR - ???

END - ???

DEX - ???

INT - ???

WIS - ???

CHA - ???

LUK - ???

Thoughts about you – Daughter of a precious friend. You remind him of your father.

Reputation – 10

Affection – 0

Obedience – 5

Loyalty - -100

And insanely strong too. Just how powerful is the Tojo Clan?

Also, he looks a bit familiar. I think I saw him in that picture I found in my mother's room back in Kiyohara.

"We got the things you ordered ready." He suddenly says in a slight Kansai dialect, unlike Majima's thick and almost exaggerated one.

"Already?" I blink in surprise. That's impressive.

"Gravity tech ain't that hard to make." He replies as a few of his subordinates take a small metal box out of the limo. "Should be easy to use, but there's an instruction manual inside in case you need it."

"Right…"

"Anythin' else?" He asks.

"Huh? Oh, no. Not really." I wave it off, still fairly impressed. "Thanks for humoring me, though."

He nods and re-enters the car, leaving the box and Asia with us before driving off with his men. Huh, that was kinda… anti-climactic. I don't know what I was expecting, but I certainly did not think they'd just drop off what I needed and leave like that.

I might be used to Majima's more energetic personality already. He's supposed to be the oddity and not the norm.

"Oi, Ichi. Take the box and put it there, middle of the courtyard." I order, glancing at him. "...What are you doing?"

"T-that was Eighteen Count Saejima." He mutters, frozen in shock. "A yakuza legend, up there with Kazuma Kiryu and Shintaro Kazama."

"...Okay?" I frown in mild confusion.

Asia seemed equally confused, tilting her head at Ichiban.

"I never thought I'd get to see him personally." He says in excitement. "I didn't even know he was in Kuoh!"

"I mean, considering who I'm related to, it should be obvious that all the big shots are gonna be close by," I explain. "You should get used to it."

"Fuck, did you see how big he was?! He's fucking jacked!" He geeks out, ignoring me. "Man, this is awesome! First, I learn that your dad was the Immortal-fucking-Dragon, then the Mad Dog is apparently assigned as your bodyguard, and now this?! I'm living my damned dreams!"

"I'm glad you find that cool, Ichiban." Personally, I don't really get it much. I just know that they're all apparently strong as fuck. "But maybe you can fanboy after you've gotten that, yeah?"

I point at the box and he pauses, chuckling sheepishly.

"Yeah, sorry 'bout that." He approaches the training equipment I ordered and asks. "So what's this anyway? I heard Saejima-san say something about gravity tech?"

"You'll see soon enough" I say vaguely.

I did mention that this is somewhat of a political setting before, but in all honesty, it's equally supernatural. I'm not dumb– there is a certain set of logic this world runs on, and from what I've seen, the ecchi bit seemed to be toned down.

But the shonen side is still going strong.

So if that's the case, then we're playing by the same rules. If pushing them to their limits with regular training seemed to have given them significant gains, using shonen-level training will be beyond successful. Such a method I've thought up is impossible in a normal world. Even if you're able to stand under the intense pressure of this device, your vital organs will eventually get crushed. Though, with how supernaturally powerful we are right now, this is nothing.

That or I'm horribly wrong and it will not work at all, but I'm willing to take that risk, especially when it's tilted in my favor.

Ultimately, I really have nothing to lose.


– Ichiban Kasuga –

After picking up the mystery box, Akane told him to round up everyone for a little announcement. He hesitated for a moment at first, considering the entire thing with Rias happened only a few hours ago and tensions were still pretty high, but then she smugly wagged her fingers and told him "It's an order."

Which he took as a joke. A not-very amusing one. Fine, if she wanted to deal with the awkwardness, then so be it. It wasn't his problem.

So he went around and told everyone to meet up in the courtyard, where put the box. Well, not really everyone. Sona and her Peerage, Issei, and Rias' Peerage all listened to him and went there, but he didn't approach Rias herself.

She looked devastated after the duel, so he left her to rest for now. Not like he wanted her and Akane to get into another fight. He knew that his best friend would probably not respond very well to the redhead showing up like nothing ever happened. Thankfully, the rest didn't put up a fight, being fairly reasonable to him.

After everyone arrived, Ichiban glanced at Akane, who was reading the instruction manual. Asia was right behind her, looking incredibly nervous. Right, she was a nun, wasn't she? So she knows about Devils and whatnot too, huh?

Akane glanced back at him and everyone else, throwing the manual down before clearing her throat.

"Before I get into why I called you all here, I'd like to… apologize for earlier this morning." She said, surprising all of them and especially him. "Losing control of my emotions was one thing, and doing it in front of you all was embarrassing. If you ever felt uncomfortable in my presence after that, I'm sorry, and I promise that it won't happen again."

But she just said she's not gonna apologize? Ichiban thought in confusion. What gives?

She said she would not apologize to the Gremory. Ddraig said. Think. What is she expressing regret for?

That she got angry. He thought, eyes widening in realization. Ooooh…

Indeed. She is certainly not regretting what she said to that devil, yet she's giving the impression that she is. Ddraig snorted. Your friend is a shrewd one.

His partner was correct. Ichiban noticed a couple of the Devils here relaxing a little, primarily Koneko and a few of Sona's Peerage. Sona and Akeno were stone-faced, not giving any outward reaction, so he couldn't get a read on them.

Clever, but Ichiban wasn't sure if he was a fan of this type of tactic.

"I'll just say that I have not given up on you yet, and I still believe you have a chance at winning this." Akane's eyes flickered between Rias' Peerage. "You three are great friends to Rias, and I know how far you're willing to go for her, so I'm still willing to support you all the way through this. As long as one of you believes in victory, then I'll do anything I can do to help."

This seemed to make both Koneko and Kiba smile in gratitude a little, however, for whatever reason, Akeno flinched slightly, an expression of guilt crossing her face before she returned to her blank one. Ichiban raised a brow. What was that?

"First, I'd like to introduce you all to Asia Argento," Akane said, smiling at the blond next to her. "She used to be a nun, but through certain circumstances, she found herself here in Japan. She's the wielder of Twilight Healing and will be a huge help for this training. I had a talk with her, and she said she wanted to support everyone, so don't hesitate to ask her for healing."

"H-hi." Asia bowed shyly.

She's so cute damn it. He thought. Is it a good idea to make the one in charge of healing a nun though?

He didn't know what Akane told her when he was going around the place telling people, but she'd somehow convinced her to help Devils. He knew Asia well enough, so that wasn't much of a surprise, but how would the Devils take it? Isn't the church their enemy or something? Yes, she used to be a nun, but still.

This seemed to get somewhat of a reaction from Sona, though, as her eyes narrowed slightly in suspicion.

"I don't expect someone that used to be with the church would be willing to help us," Sona said. "I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but I'm not quite sure this individual is trustworthy, Akane."

"U-uh…" Asia winced at Sona's bluntness, not quite knowing how to respond.

"I get you, but I can guarantee that Asia's intentions are pure." Akane defended the blond, who blushed slightly.

"And how do you know this?" Sona argued. "If this was anything else, I might've taken your word for it, but not this."

"I…" Asia whispered, and Ichiban decided to assist her.

"Look, I know what I'll say might not sound very convincing," Ichi quipped. "But I know for sure what kind of person she is. She's not the kind of person who'd have ulterior motives."

Sona wanted to argue, but Asia beat her as she spoke in a soft voice.

"I-I know what's going on. Akane told me what Ms. Rias is going through." She said in English. "And I want to help her. I don't care if she's a Devil, nobody should be forced to marry someone they don't love."

Sona studied the girl's face for a few moments and sighed.

"You seem sincere enough, and if Akane trusts you, then so be it I suppose." She said. "Fine, I concede."

He did not understand half of what Asia said, but it must've been very convincing.

Asia gave her a soft smile and nodded, looking slightly more confident. You go, girl.

He had to admit, though, Sona was still calm even after what Akane said to her childhood friend. That did impress him a lot. To not hold a grudge even after that takes a lot out of a person, but maybe the apology helped with that? It probably did, but still. He had to give it to the Sitri Heiress. She's good.

"Anyway–" Akane cleared her throat, getting everyone's attention again. "The main reason I've called you here is for a new device that'll potentially help a lot with your training."

She kicked the box next to her leg as she said that. Finally, the moment of truth. He'd been curious about this little box.

Akane crouched and opened it, taking out a belt-looking object and gesturing for Ichiban to come forward. He blinked and did so, and Akane gave him the belt. He inspected it up close, seeing multiple buttons on it and wondering what this is all about.

"This here is a Training Belt," Akane said as he wore the thing. "And it has two functions. One: It can increase the gravity around your body up to two hundred times that of Earth."

Ichi froze, slowly turning to his best friend.

"You did not." Ichiban said, looking at her with wide eyes.

"What, didn't you say you love Son Goku?" Akane smirked widely. "Now you get to train like him. Aren't I the nicest?"

"For real?!" Issei was equally excited.

"I could kiss you right now," Ichiban said, almost not believing her.

"Do it, you won't. Pussy." She challenged.

"And the second function?" Sona interjected, looking far more interested than before.

"It'll make put some sort of blockers on your mana, making it much harder to cast spells, but overall, it'll make the training more effective." Akane explained as Ichiban fiddled with the belt on his waist. "You could say that this is the same as the gravity tech, but for magic. Both can be used simultaneously, and the blockers also have levels, up to twenty."

Partner, I believe this is a very poor idea. Ddraig suddenly said as he realized what Ichiban was doing, though, he did not sound that concerned. High gravity is not a trivial matter.

Don't worry, I'm just testing it out. He responded. Plus, I can just boost in case things go south.

Hmph, suit yourself. Ddraig snorted. Don't say I didn't warn you.

I got this.

"Fascinating," Sona said, looking more hopeful. "A week might be more than enough with these in hand. This is… very promising. Thank you, Akane."

"Sure." She shrugged, addressing everyone. "By the way, I don't think this needs to be said, but do start small, okay? Gravity training isn't the same as lifting weights."

Ichiban pressed the green button after selecting the high gravity multiplier as she said that, grinning in anticipation for a single moment before the sudden weight came crashing down like a meteor, shattering the ground beneath him and crushing him into it as everyone flinched and backed away. His eyes almost popped out of his skull before the device seemingly deactivated itself, prompting Ichiban to gasp as his body screamed at him, the overwhelming agony leaving him on the edge of consciousness.

"What the hell–" Akane's eyes widened in shock as she saw the times fifty on the belt. "What the actual fuck is wrong with you, you lunatic?!"

"Kasuga!" Issei rushed towards his friend in worry, flinching as he too saw the multiplier. "What the fuck?!"

"I-Ichi-san!" Asia crouched next to him, her ring shining bright.

"E-everything hurts…" He groaned. "Oh god, my back…"

To make matters worse, Ddraig only laughed at him. What a dick.

"That could've killed you, moron!" Akane scowled at him, looking genuinely concerned before sighing in relief. "Idiot. You scared the hell out of me."

"Help…"

She shook her head and rubbed her temples tiredly.

"...There are safety measures in the device to prevent you from dying, but this is why we start small." Akane pointed at Ichiban as Asia healed him. "So unless you want to end up like this dumbass, exercise common sense."

To his embarrassment, Ichiban heard some of the Devils chuckling and giggling. Even Sona smiled in amusement at his predicament. He just wanted to test it out, he didn't expect this to happen, but in all honesty, he should've. Even Goku struggled with a ten times multiplier for his first time. Now he looked like a fool to everyone here.

As he was being healed, Ichiban caught the remains of Rias' peerage talking in private in the corner of his eye, a distance away from everyone as the rest, who stepped forward to take their belts. He didn't know what the looks of surprise and shock on Koneko and Kiba's faces meant as Akeno spoke, but he hoped it wasn't bad.


– Sona Sitri –

Once Sona helped her best friend up after that episode, she led her to her room and left her to her own devices, as Rias clearly wanted to be left alone. Sona very much resented Akane for all the horrible things she said, but held her tongue and stopped herself from escalating this any further. She knew doing that would have severe consequences. They were trying to mend the relationship between the factions, not strain it further.

The same could not be said for the human girl. Sona knew of her general anger issues and lamented the fact that she didn't prepare a plan to work around that whenever she blew up. For a moment, Akane had her fooled that she'd gotten better control over her emotions, but apparently not.

Rias wasn't exactly helping in that regard either, with her metaphorically spitting on Akane's generosity, but she digressed.

This was no time to fight, not when they were deep in the Tojo's territory. There was still much to do, and Sona would not sabotage whatever sliver of a possible advantage Rias could have by pushing Akane away. She could confront the human girl later when they were over this.

To her surprise, even after what she said, Akane did not in fact abandon them. Once everyone gathered and she apologized, Sona felt some of her grievances evaporate, and most of her resentment disappeared once the human girl said she'd continue to support them, giving them these new devices to help.

Perhaps Akane did not mean everything she said to Rias. Maybe she still saw a chance for victory and wanted them to have it, or maybe she still felt bad for the redhead and wanted to help regardless. Her intentions were not quite clear, as she was an expert at hiding them, but Sona was thankful nonetheless.

…That was what Sona thought at first of course, but thinking about that speech a little harder made it clear that Akane did not regret what she said one bit.

These gravity belts she gave them were quite… effective, to say the least. Sona had been struggling with only level three of the magic blockers, to the point that a single weak spell was a lot harder to cast than even her most powerful attack. It made focusing much more straining.

She understood how this could be helpful in the long run. Once she got used to it, not only would her magical power get much more powerful, but casting will become incredibly easier once she takes off the belt.

She did try the gravity function of the belt, and it was much more taxing than she expected. Even a mere five times was very exhausting, but she understood the benefits of training under extreme pressure.

And with the nun restoring everyone's stamina with her Sacred Gear, they could afford to go for prolonged periods of time. Of course, she would also get tired if she used Twilight Healing too much, but that's why Akane also made a schedule for her.

Sona did not quite need the physical aspect of this training, of course, as growing her magic was enough to make her physically more powerful, and only tried it out of curiosity, but not everyone was gifted in that department. If she remembered correctly, Rias' cousin, Sairaorg, was born with a pathetic amount of magical energy, not even inheriting the Bael's Power of Destruction, yet still went on to become one of the most powerful of their generation.

Alas, Rias wasn't born with the same mindset as him. The sheer grit needed to overcome all that pain and suffering wasn't something they shared. Perhaps his own misfortune was what led him to be that powerful, and unlike him, Rias had not been pushed around all her life. The only thing she had to deal with was the marriage and Riser's manipulation.

Sona sighed, looking at the full moon from the living room's window. She'd been having a hard time sleeping. True, she did feel more optimistic after seeing the gravity belts, but with Rias completely losing her will to do anything, Sona didn't feel the best about this whole situation.

Could they really win even without Rias? Yes, Riser wasn't exactly as invincible as the redhead made him out to be, but he was still a powerful High-Class Devil, and his Phenex regeneration was a huge hurdle. If Rias – who should be the strongest link of the peerage – wasn't motivated to win, then they'd just crumble.

How was she supposed to motivate Rias now that she even refused to leave her room? They barely had time as is, and what Akane said clearly hit her hard, probably in a negative way. Were they really doomed to fail? Was there nothing Sona could do to turn this situation in their favor?

The living room door suddenly opened and Akane walked in, blinking when she spotted the Sitri Heiress. The human girl closed the door behind her, looking slightly awkward as the silence got a little too hard to bear.

"I thought you went to sleep." She stated suddenly.

"I tried to, but couldn't," Sona replied. "What about you?"

"Same thing." Akane shrugged, walking to the kitchen counter. "You want anything?"

"I already made myself something." Sona pointed at the cup of tea on the table in front of her. "Thank you for offering."

Akane only nodded, not saying anything else as she returned to whatever she was doing. The once relaxing atmosphere turned upside down as Sona tried to think of any discussion she could start. The overwhelmingly awkward feeling was quickly getting to her.

What's with this tension? She thought, grimacing slightly. You were fine with her the entire week prior. Just start a conversation like normal.

"A-"

"I'm not apologizing to Rias."

"You didn't even let me finish a word," Sona said in exasperation. "I wasn't even going to say that, to begin with."

"Oh." Akane paused. "You were thinking it, though."

"I was not." Sona lied smoothly.

"I don't believe you." Akane shrugged. "You didn't look very convinced with my 'apology' back there."

"...You're sharp." The devil girl responded, confirming her words. "Your intentions were clear once I realized that you did not actually apologize to Rias once in that speech of yours. It sounded like you felt regretful about what you said, but that wasn't the case, was it?"

"Heh, and you say I'm sharp," Akane smirked, taking her mug of cocoa and sitting on the opposite side of the table. "You're right. I don't feel bad about what I said, not even slightly, but nothing about my earlier speech was a lie. I still think her peerage got this, and I'll help them as much as I can."

"You still have no right to say all these horrible things to Rias, especially not when she's already feeling defeated." Sona frowned. "She's still my best friend, and I'd very much appreciate it if you respected her."

"If she wants respect, she'll have to earn it." She replied. "I've yet to see her do anything that's worthy of that, though. The best thing she's done was actually showing up in the first place."

"And that gives you the authority to mistreat her?" The Sitri Heiress growled, her fist clenching tightly. "Who do you think you are?"

"Was anything I said to her wrong?" Akane suddenly said, casually sipping from her mug.

"What?"

"Was anything. I said to Rias. False?" She repeated slowly.

Every cell in Sona's body wanted to yell "Yes." but she physically couldn't. Ruthless words of mockery aside, she couldn't just lie to herself like that, not when Akane's words to Rias held so much truth that it actually pained her to admit it even in her mind.

But it was not black and white, it never was. Sure, Rias wasn't exactly the most hardworking devil, but whenever she actually wanted something, she never stopped until she had it. This situation was different from other mundane things she had to do over the years.

"It's not that simple," Sona whispered, her earlier anger quickly being sapped.

Riser manipulated her to think that he was invincible because his Phenex regeneration was a cut above the rest. It was exceptionally powerful, and he used that to his advantage. He surely knew he did not stand a chance against Rias, and so resorted to these slimy tactics.

And with Rias' stubbornness… well, it was a disastrous combo. Sona hated the fact that his plan worked, and despised him for making the past few years hell for her childhood friend.


– Rias Gremory –

Walking down the quiet hallways, she wondered where her Queen wandered off to, looking around the mansion/facility place for her. It wasn't out of need, of course, mostly curiosity. Akeno would always leave their room for hours on end and only come back at the crack of dawn to rest for a few hours.

Rias ignored it at first, but seeing that she slept nearly the entire day, waking up very late, she decided to at least clear her mind of what happened in that duel while looking for Akeno. She couldn't sleep anymore, as much as she wanted to.

Rias didn't even want to think about it, but she just couldn't take it off her mind. She even dreamed about the scenario all over again, word for word. The only difference was everyone looking at her in disgust, including Sona, her Peerage, and even her own brother.

Because at the end of the day, Akane was right. She was worthless, she didn't deserve the respect and devotion of those around her. Even if she somehow has gotten a powerful Longinus Wielder, she'd probably still lose. Someone like her couldn't hope to win against Riser.

This whole training trip was pointless. She didn't know why she even showed up in the first place. She should've just ignored the request, even if it risked the ire of someone she should try to befriend. Not like the earlier duel didn't do that already.

But what she truly hated most, more than herself and the hurtful words she heard, was the fact that everyone was acting nice to her, blatantly lying and saying they believe she could win. What a joke.

Her Power of Destruction was strong, and so was her Peerage, but Riser's absurd regeneration was already a hard counter. No matter how strong she got, he'd eventually outlast and defeat her.

Yeah, alright, maybe he wasn't invincible. Sirzechs or Serafall could wipe him out in an instant, but it's not like she could get as strong as her brother in those two weeks. It's just unreasonable to expect that big of a change in such a short amount of time.

Plus, she didn't even have a full Peerage, and one of them refused to leave his room. Kiba and Koneko were strong, yes, and so was Akeno who is almost comparable to her, but Riser has another, equally powerful, Phenex, with an albeit weaker regeneration, and an entire Peerage.

Rias had never even been in an actual Rating Game before, and Riser had been in numerous, winning most of them as well. Every time he'd lost was because it's an opponent who could bypass his regeneration. Other than those few times, he never lost. Wasn't that enough proof that she has nothing that she could threaten him with?

And Rias could not in good conscience drag Gasper out of his room. In fact, she only made him a Bishop out of sympathy. Selfishly forcing him to fight for her when he was already struggling with his power wasn't right.

Rias shook those thoughts out of her head with a sigh. There was no point in thinking of these scenarios anymore. It would only make her feel worse about herself, and she was been feeling that enough already.

Rias paused as she passed by the living room, hearing people talking inside. She was going to enter to ask where Akeno was but froze when she heard her voice.

"Isn't it?" Akane asked. "Isn't it really?

"It's not," Sona responded firmly. "I've known Rias since we were children. It's just… this situation is bringing the worst out of her."

Rias flinched as she heard that, feeling her chest tighten considerably. She knew it. She knew Sona felt that way, no matter how much she claimed otherwise. It was all some lie that she told Rias because she was too nice to say the truth.

"That so?" Akane said. "That pretty much confirms what I said then, no?"

"No!" Her childhood friend replied heatedly. "That's not what I meant."

Rias wanted to walk away, but couldn't move her legs. She didn't want to hear any of this anymore.

"Rias might not be the best out of our generation– She's not the brightest when it comes to social cues and can be insufferably lazy." Sona said. "But I've never been more sure when I say that she could easily beat Riser in a Rating Game."

Akane did not respond to that, nor did Rias.

"I've always believed that determination was Rias' strongest point." She continued. "The fact that she won't let anything stop her from getting or doing whatever she wanted was something I've always admired, envied even. I could never do that, I was never brave enough for it."

Rias' heart skipped a beat at that as she listened intently.

"Then why won't she do that here?"

"Because she convinced herself that she can't do it," Sona explained. "She just put it into her head that she can't beat Riser no matter what when everyone around her– Even Riser himself knows that it's not the case. This overwhelming stubbornness is working against her, and if that wasn't the case, then she would've beaten Riser months ago."

Rias bit her lower lip as her heart clenched, many emotions swirling around her head. How could they still believe in her? Haven't they given up on her yet? Why were they still clinging to the idea that she has a chance?

Especially when Rias herself doesn't?

"Why not try to convince her otherwise, then?"

"I tried for literal years." She huffed, her voice cracking for a second. "And I wasn't alone in that regard. Her Peerage, Lord Sirzechs, even my sister tried to tell her otherwise, but no. She wouldn't even entertain the idea, screaming at us that we don't understand what she was going through."

"Don't pretend that you do…" Rias whispered quietly, not sure who she was trying to convince.

"...I see." Akane responded, sounding slightly sympathetic.

"I hate it. I hate what this situation did to her. Rias is my sister in all but blood, she doesn't deserve the years of anguish and anxiety she had to go through." Sona vented, voice shaking more with every word. "But it's just so frustrating seeing her already accepting defeat when I know for sure that she could win this. It's like the Rias I've always known was gone, replaced by someone I don't recognize. I hate it so much."

Rias was frozen in place as she heard Sona sniffling, almost not believing that she would care so much that she'd cry for her. It made the redhead nearly cry as well, feeling nothing but immense shame. Why did she care this much?

The situation had nothing to do with her– why feel worse about something she had no control over? It's not like she was getting punished for helping her. She had no hand in this, no responsibility, so why is she hellbent on getting her out of this, when all Rias did was scream at her?

Why didn't she just give up on Rias and continue on with her life?

"I-I'm sorry. You didn't need to see me like this." Sona suddenly said, getting her voice under control. "...This is embarrassing."

"It's fine. I can understand." Akane replied. "Probably felt better after saying all that, didn't you?"

"...I suppose so, yes." Her childhood friend confirmed. "Sorry, but I'm feeling a little tired. I need to sleep if I want to wake up early."

"Sure. Goodnight."

Rias flinched and panicked as she heard the footsteps, and quickly rushed away, leaving the hallway and through the main entrance of the building. She didn't know if they heard her, but at least they could not have seen her.

Rias leaned on the door and calmed her beating heart, wiping the tears from the corner of her eyes before walking away, the cool breeze of the night making her shiver slightly. She shook her head, trying to get those thoughts out of her head.

Whatever. She thought, sighing deeply. Just find Akeno and go back to bed.

She'd already checked inside, so her Queen must be outside somewhere. Rias focused on her senses, feeling a glimpse of a recognizable Sacred Gear in the forest, which made her frown in confusion. That was Kiba's Sword Birth, wasn't it?

It was quite far, but likely still within the boundary of the facility. Was he training? At this hour? Rias clicked her tongue in mild annoyance, walking to where he was. She'd just tell him to go back to sleep. She didn't want him pushing himself this late at night.

It just made her feel terrible about herself.

As she got closer, thinking about the conversation Sona and Akane had, Rias flinched violently, feeling holy energy in the distance where Kiba was. She felt her heart sink as she rushed forward, assuming the worst. Were they being attacked? But who'd be capable of invading a place that was under the protection of the Mad Dog?

Was it some Fallen? Was it another ploy by Kokabiel? It felt like a Fallen now that she was closer, yet it felt oddly familiar. She didn't know any Fallen Angels personally, so why did Rias feel like she lnew the attacker? Well, unless it's–

Rias froze in place, seeing Koneko, Kiba, and Akeno seemingly training together, with the latter having her wings spread out, one bat-like and the other feathery, as Holy Lightning enveloped her. They didn't spot her, too busy with each other to notice that their King was there.

Akeno would throw spears of Holy Lightning at Kiba and Koneko as the two melee fighters rushed her, deflecting or evading the devastating magic. Her Queen struggled to keep her distance, but every time they got close, she still managed to evade nearly every punch or slash thrown at her, only getting grazed once or twice.

Rias did not move as she witnessed the spectacle, eyes solely focused on Akeno's Fallen Angel wing. She almost couldn't believe her eyes– Why was Akeno using the side she so utterly despised? The blood she called a curse– The main root of her self-loathing…

What was it that drove her to use it? Not like she was fighting for her life. It was mere training. She used the side she swore she'd never resort to for training.

"They've been at it for two hours now." An unfamiliar voice spoke, making her flinch in surprise as she turned around to face a grinning man wearing an eyepatch. "Prolly gonna stay that way for a few more."

"You're…" Rias muttered, still startled, but recognizing the man.

It was her first time seeing the Mad Dog of Shimano in person, but his appearance alone made a powerful impression on Rias. She didn't even sense or hear him approaching. Maybe the rumors of him being that strong were true.

"You got some real friends in 'em." He said with a nod towards her peerage. "They must like ya a lot, huh?"

"What?" Rias frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Ya think they're trainin' for the sake of it?" He snorted as if he found this situation particularly amusing. "They're doin' it for you."

Her breath hitched as she turned around to watch them, her fists clenching tightly. Why were they still doing this? Hadn't she proven that she couldn't do it?

"They always have." He continued, his tone getting softer. "They've never given up on you. The thought never even crossed their mind, because all they were thinking about the entire time was ways to help you."

"Why?" She whispered, tears gathering in the corner of her eyes. "I-I don't understand. Why are they still so damned stubborn? H-how can they still believe in me? That we can win?"

And it wasn't just them either– Even Sona held out hope for her. It was so unbelievably irritating. She hated every second of being reminded of it. Rias would rather everyone just give up on her and let her suffer that cruel fate.

"For fuck's sake, get it through your head already, girlie." He sighed. "These people would rather gladly die for you than see you get married off to that KFC loser."

"B-but–"

"What, do you expect them to give up just because you did?" He questioned. "You're not giving them enough credit."

"It's all pointless!" Rias said angrily, whipping her head at him. She noticed that he wasn't grinning anymore. "How can they not see that?! We don't stand a chance–"

"And that matters why?" He cut her off calmly, making her flinch. "You think they care if they can or can't win? They'll still fight for you anyway, even if there was no chance of winning."

"I…" She struggled to find an argument for that.

"So why can't you do the same?" He asked her. "Wouldn't you at least feel better if you did everything you could to prevent this fate you were dealt? Or are you content with just sitting there doing nothing?"

Rias opened her mouth to respond, but no words came out.

"Even if you won't fight for yourself, then fight for them as they do so for you. If you're convinced you're going to lose regardless, then go down fighting. It's the least a leader like you could do because then you could say that you tried." He said, before shrugging as his grin returned. "Or don't. Honestly, I don't give a shit. It's yer choice at the end of the day."

With that, Goro Majima walked away as Rias turned to look back at her friends, who were still training on her behalf. She only just noticed the tears rolling down her cheeks, prompting her to wipe them off. She sniffled, trying very hard to not break down sobbing.

"By the way–" Majima said, making her pause. "There's somethin' next to the front door that might help ya."

Rias turned around, only to notice that he was nowhere in sight. Rias blinked a few times as she calmed herself, flinching as the battle between her peerage steered closer to her. Not wanting to be seen by them either, she discreetly sprinted away back to the main building.

She didn't know what to think anymore. Everywhere she went, it was the same damned thing all over again. Why do they keep believing in her? Isn't it just easier to give up? To throw your hands up in the air and say 'oh well, I tried'?

First Sona and now this?

She put her hand on the front door, but then saw a small metal box next to it, making her step closer and crouch to inspect it. She didn't see this the first time she exited through this door. Was this what he meant?

All she saw inside was a strange-looking belt and some sort of instruction manual. She fiddled with the belt a little, then put it down as she began reading the manual, her eyes widening considerably at the capabilities of the device.

This… When did they get this? She'd seen her peerage wearing them, but thought nothing of it at first. Were they training with this turned on?! No, they weren't just training, they were pushing themselves to the absolute limit, punishing their bodies until they couldn't move anymore.

And it was all for her.

That was what finally broke the camel's back. Rias collapsed, falling to her knees as she sobbed quietly. She cursed Sona and her peerage for their unshakable belief and loyalty to her, the Mad Dog for making her realize it, and Akane for opening her eyes to the hurtful truth regardless of her words of mockery.

How dare they make her feel this way. The guilt and utter dejection she felt was brutal enough, but now they had to hit her with this. This overwhelming feeling of gratitude was as joyful as it is agonizing. It was all too complicated– she didn't know what to do anymore.

All she knew is that there was nothing in the world she loved more than her family.

The manual in her trembling hands was now damp with her tears from how much she cried, but eventually, Rias had no more tears to shed as she calmed down. Her heart felt strangely tranquil at the moment. After a moment of self-reflection, Rias glanced at the belt, and a very recent memory made itself known in her mind.

Even if that Kaarage reject is as invincible as you say he is, the least you can do is make him work for that victory.

Rias frowned in determination and grabbed the belt, the newfound resolve to deck Riser in the face a couple of thousand times before she lost making her eyes burn brighter than they had in over a decade.

Akane was right, but making him simply work for a victory wasn't enough. That was too merciful for someone like Riser. It didn't sit very well with the redhead, not after having suffered years of pain under his mercy. She would make him hate this marriage as much as she did.

Rias would make sure he had nightmares of her every single day for the rest of his miserable life.


Originally, it would've taken Rias several chapters to reach this conclusion, but as I said in an earlier chapter, I wanted to progress the plot faster. So my bad if this felt rushed.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot and 298 others
Mirlnir
Nov 1, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 22: Newfound Resolve
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Dec 16, 2022
Add bookmark
#373
I acknowledge the fact that I was a tad too harsh on Akeno and Rias, but I hoped someone would listen to me. Maybe I'd get through one of them and they'd stop complaining, and I'm really glad that this was kind of the case.

The next day after my fight with Rias, we continued with the usual routine until I eventually sensed something interesting around the east side of the forest. Sona was with me at the time and followed, and both of us saw the redhead's peerage training together.

It's very early in the morning. Everyone was just starting to get ready for their workout sessions, but to see the three already there, bruised and tired, meant that they've been at it for hours. It was respectable, but expected, seeing that that was what they had been doing for days now. However, that was not what got my attention.

It was Akeno using her fallen heritage that got me genuinely hopeful for the match.

"I never thought I'd see the day," Sona muttered to herself, then noticed my self-satisfied smirk. "...You had something to do with this, didn't you?"

"How can you tell?" I reply sarcastically before shrugging. "I gave her some words of encouragement."

"Something tells me your definition of 'encouragement' is wildly different than mine." She deadpans.

"I just told her to stop being a whiny little bitch."

"And there it is." She sighs deeply, rubbing the bridge of her nose.

"It worked, hasn't it?" I ask. "Like I said before, Akeno is Rias' strongest chance at winning the match. If you want me to help, then I'm using any measure to give her that victory."

Sona doesn't argue with that, but her frown deepens.

"Besides, she was being annoyingly selfish about this, and you know this." I continue, crossing my arms as my smile drops. "I get it, terrible past and all, I have one myself, but how could she ever hope to move on if she can't make peace with it? She didn't want to even confront the issue, content with just ignoring it. I only forced her to face it."

"Having bad relations between us affects us both negatively, and you're not doing anyone a favor with how you interact." Sona reasons. "Shouldn't we strive to mend the relationship of Devilkind and the Yakuza? Isn't that what we're supposed to be doing?"

"You're right. I'd like it more if I found common ground with Rias or Akeno." I confirm. "I will not even try if they refuse to put in any effort themselves, though. I could try to be nice regardless, but there's no point in having relationships built on falsehood."

…Huh, that kind of came out of nowhere. I said it with a lot more conviction than I wanted to.

What was that?

5 Reputation with Sona Sitri [70/100]

"I see," Sona says after a moment. "I suppose I can respect that."

"And hey, if we do end up in a war–" I smirk. "Then we wouldn't hesitate to kill each other."

I know I wouldn't. That Power of Destruction is reaaaaaally attractive to me. I too would like to Hakai people out of existence.

"Please don't even joke about that." She replies. "It's already stressful enough to think about."

"Why, because it's your responsibility to prevent it?"

"Yes." She responds without hesitation. "And I'd very much appreciate it if you cooperated with me in that regard."

"Trying to," I say. "Not my fault your friend is that fucking insufferable."

"This is exactly why we are getting nowhere." She groans tiredly, her professional facade cracking slightly. "Whatever, I'll be going back now."

As Sona leaves me alone to watch over Rias' peerage, I realize something about myself.

I think I really love being a total nuisance.

…I blame my mother.

Well, it's about time I stopped them. I assume they've been going at it for more than six hours straight, and that's enough for now. They won't be of any use if they just collapse. There's hard training then there's just torture, and they won't benefit from the latter.

I cast a sizeable ice crystal that gets in between them, distracting and stopping them from continuing the fight. Akeno flinches as she sees me, but neither Koneko nor Kiba notice that as they look at me quizzically.

I notice that their outfits are nearly torn to shreds, making it clear that they've been training probably the hardest out of everyone. That is good to see at least. Someone is actually taking my words seriously.

"That's enough for now," I say as I approach them. "You have to take some rest."

"But the day just started." Kiba argued, making me scoff.

"I'm not stupid, Yuuta–"

"It's Yuuto."

"–I know you've been at it since last night." I ignore his correction. Same thing anyway.

"But we have to," Koneko adds, her tone soft. "For Rias."

"I get that," I respond. "But there's no point in training if you're just gonna keel over when the match begins. Rest is just as important."

"W-we're fine." Akeno quips, her voice slightly wavering as she refuses to look me in the eyes, almost making me snort. Pathetic. "We've decided to rest on our last day here."

"That's not really going to help much if you're killing yourself prior." I argue.

"Oh no, she meant, the entire day." Kiba explains.

Ah…

"A rest day does sound like a good idea actually." I think out loud, putting a hand on my chin,

It could help bring up their morale if their last day was spent playing instead of working, and that's something they might need right now when their leader is still refusing to put in any work. Plus, extra REP seeing that they kinda don't like me that much.

"It does?" Kiba responds, looking slightly confused.

"Well, I've decided." After a moment, I take out my phone and send a message to the training group. "Friday is the last day here, and it'll be a mandatory rest day. In fact…"

As the three read the message I sent, Akeno mutters what she read loud enough for all of us to hear.

"A… pool party?"

"It's the only thing we haven't put to good use yet." I clarify. "You three have worked very hard, so I think you deserve to have as much fun as you can before the match."

15 Reputation with Yuuto Kiba [25/100]

15 Reputation with Koneko Toujou [30/100]

5 Reputation with Akeno Himejima [15/100]

Heh, called it.

"Thank you." Koneko whispers, smiling slightly.

"Don't mention it." I wave it off. "But at least take a break now before continuing."

"Will do." Kiba nods with a smile. "Is there anything else you want from us, Amamiya-san?"

"No. I'll leave you to it." I wave it off, giving Akeno one last glance before leaving. "Good luck."

As I leave them to their own devices, I try to come up with valid ideas or strategies that could help them get the win, but then I spot a certain somebody entering the building from the backdoor, making me frown in suspicion.

…Was that Rias?


– Asia Argento –

Perhaps she was simply not used to it, but Asia didn't quite know what to think of her current situation. Not long ago, she was within the confines of the church, following their teachings down to the letter without question.

Then the excommunication happened, making her feel so very lost. She didn't know what to do, or what the Lord was expecting of her, but she held on to her faith firmly. Being rescued by Akane from the Fallen felt like a reward, a sign that things would indeed get better as long as she kept believing in God.

And they did. Living with the Amamiyas made her feel so full. They showed her so much kindness and love, more than even the church ever did, and were supportive no matter what. Asia loved them back, regardless of their societal or religious differences. Mizuki and Akane felt like the family she never had.

To top it all off, they weren't anywhere near as suffocating. They would not reprimand her for asking for something, nor yell when she decided to take a walk outside. She didn't even need to tell them that she was doing this or that. She'd do something and they wouldn't bat an eye.

It felt amazingly freeing. Asia had never had someone that would show that much trust or even someone she could depend on. Most of the time, the kids back at the church were relying on her as she was the oldest if you don't count the elderly nuns.

But with someone like Akane? It was the opposite. She always looked confident and knew what to do no matter what was going on. Asia finally understood what it felt like to have a reliable older sister. Odd how this random Japanese family was far more compassionate than the church in Italy.

Of course, she wanted to repay their kindness, so when Akane asked for her help, Asia was overjoyed, eager to assist in any way she could. The nun didn't quite expect the favor to be the exact same thing that got her banished from the church in the first place, though.

She did feel a little hesitant at first, but then Akane explained the situation to her and Asia felt nothing but sympathy for the poor Gremory, and a little confusion as well. She didn't know much about Devils in general, only that they were the enemies of God and should all be vanquished, from what the church told her.

But apparently, they had their own society, and they were very similar to human beings. It's what Akane told her, that Devils weren't evil anymore and were trying to make peace with Angels and humans.

When Asia heard that, she felt… satisfied. She was always worried that she made the wrong choice in healing that Devil, that her kindness wasn't supposed to be given to him or his kind. To hear that it wasn't the case made her feel so much better. Perhaps she was rewarded by the Lord for that act of kindness. She knew her faith was not misplaced.

So after she was given some time to think, Akane once again was very nice to her and told her that it was her choice, Asia felt determined to be as helpful as possible. It wasn't fair to be married off like that, and everyone should be given the option to choose their life partner.

And Asia enjoyed helping them. Everyone was very nice and polite to her, sometimes telling her stories and fairy tales about Devilkind and what the underworld is like. She found all of it very interesting and loved sharing her own experiences in the church. The positive ones anyway.

She felt very comfortable with them now, especially since Akane, Ichiban, and Issei were around, and would regularly check up on her.

The task was quite tiring, though. Asia had never healed so many people in a short amount of time before, even if she loved doing it, but she pushed herself regardless. She couldn't be collapsing when she was doing the least amount of work compared to everyone. She also noticed that she was improving as well, thankfully. She'd heal better and use less of her energy.

Asia spent a lot of time in the infirmary, reading many books given to her by Akane and Ichiban, which they called "Manga". They had funny pictures and she enjoyed reading them a lot. There were some about the funny rubber boy she loved watching on the TV back home. Those were her favorites.

She wasn't exactly kept here against her will of course. She could walk up and leave the room whenever she felt like it, but Akane told her to stay there in case somebody needed healing. Better than looking for her everywhere. Asia didn't mind it either since they'd visit her and invite her to play some fun games with them from time to time.

Plus, she liked the peace and quiet anyway. She was always so swamped back in the church that even an hour of free time was a luxury. It felt nice.

As she read through her first book for the day, the sun only just rising an hour ago, the door to the infirmary opened, and in walked an unfamiliar girl with red hair and blue eyes. Asia paused, and recognized it to be Rias Gremory.

She wanted to greet the heiress as she met her for the first time, but the state she was in made Asia gasp. She was bruised, with grime and dirt sticking to her clothes and face. Rias bled from multiple small cuts as she held her arm with a pained look, but then paused when she saw Asia looking at her with a shocked expression.

"Um." Rias blinked. "Hi? I heard you can help with healing."

Shaken out of her stupor, Asia rushed toward the injured girl with a concerned look.

"Oh my god!"

Rias winced.

"What happened to you?!"

"I'm fine." She said with a sheepish chuckle, taking a step back. "I… may have gotten a little ahead of myself with that gravity belt, though."

"Please sit down and let me take a look." Asia urged.

Rias nodded and did just that, flinching and grimacing slightly. Asia sat down next to her, the ring of Twilight Healing shining as she began to heal the devil's wounds. The blond noticed that Rias' right arm was completely shattered on top of her current injuries. Just how hard was she training?

True, this wasn't the worst wound she came across here – Ichiban nearly broke his spine and killed himself once – but it's still above the usual. Most of the time it's just bruises and maybe a black eye. In general, they were careful.

"Um, Ms. Rias?" Asia started, seeing the glance of surprise on the redhead's face. "Please be careful next time, okay? I know you're trying very hard, but you mustn't hurt yourself."

"I'll be okay. It's the least I can do." Rias said, looking away. "I only have a few days left. I need to do this."

"I-I know that, but you're not alone." The blond said. "Everyone wants to help, so you shouldn't push yourself too hard."

"No, that's exactly why I have to work hard." Rias smiled softly, however, Asia noticed the melancholic tone in her voice. "Twice as hard as them even."

"But–"

"I appreciate the concern, really! But I need to do this." She continued. "I wouldn't feel great about myself otherwise."

Not very convinced, Asia remained silent for a little while. She couldn't exactly tell the redhead off– this was no decision for her to make. If Rias wanted to push herself to her limits, then the blond had no say in the matter.

"If you insist." Asia relented. "But please always tell me if you get injured, even if it's not serious."

"Of course." Rias nodded before pausing. "I… haven't gotten your name, though."

"I'm Asia Argento." She smiled warmly, finally finishing up the healing. "It's nice to meet you, Ms. Rias."

"The pleasure is mine." The redhead responded, moving her once broken arm around with a surprised look. "Wow, I know Twilight Healing is sought after by many for a reason, but I didn't expect it to be this effective."

"I've been blessed by the Lord," Asia said. "And I'll always strive to use it in his name."

"Even for devils?" Rias asked.

"...Yes." She answered after a moment. "Everyone is capable of doing good, human or devil, and it's not my place to judge."

"I see." Rias stood up. "It's been nice, Asia, but I have to go back to train now. I'll hopefully see you soon again."

Asia gave her a wave as Rias left the infirmary, closing the door behind her. She didn't know why this was the first time she'd seen the redhead here, not knowing what had transpired before coming to this place, but she seemed to be a little too hard on herself for some reason.

Asia didn't want to pry since they didn't know each other well yet but hoped she helped. Rias looked very nice and polite, further breaking the stereotype of devils only being evil. She wasn't sure if she was supposed to do this, but Asia prayed for her victory in the upcoming Rating Match.


– Rias Gremory –

Leaving the infirmary, Rias looked around the hallway before rushing towards the exit. She'd been outside training all night but made sure that nobody knew. It felt too awkward to tell everybody right now. To them, she'd probably done a total 180, not knowing the roller coaster of emotions she had to go through last night.

So she hid her magical energy and trained in the outer range of the place, facing a mountain wall. Of course, that also meant she had to be careful and not get overconfident in the device, but who knew even a mere ten times the gravity of the planet was heavy enough to force-feed her dirt?

Which should've been obvious. Even Goku couldn't take it at first.

She was so glad that nobody saw that. Failing that hard after finding her resolve nearly made her cry from embarrassment. Rias had dialed it back to seven to prevent that from happening again, and still had a lot of difficulties even standing up.

On top of level ten of the magic prevention thing, Rias wanted to just die. The thought of giving up crossed her mind more than once, but every time she'd think of what her friends are having to deal with, thus fueling her desire to at least do something.

It was quite the challenge still. She felt lighter after deactivating it for the first time, though, after eight consecutive hours of training, so she is making progress. It made her understand why Akane thought the training would be effective. Rias never expected to grow so much in so little time.

Then again, she barely had time. Rias didn't think she could make much of a difference in three days.

No, that was quitter talk. She was getting through this and would make the most out of it. Even if she still lost, at least she'd feel satisfied that she'd tried her best.

She frowned slightly, hating the fact that the human girl was right. She's been correct the entire time, but couldn't she have been nicer about it? Those words of hers still bothered Rias quite a lot.

Then again, Rias didn't think being nice would've been as compelling to get her off her ass, as much as she hated to admit it.

Rias shook her head from the distracting thoughts and refocused her senses, spotting Sona's magical energy right behind the front door she was about to open, making her panic. She was about to run away but stopped completely once her childhood friend spotted her.

"Rias?" She blinked, confused.

"Hi…"

She froze as she noticed the belt around the redhead's waist, her violet eyes widening.

"Why are you wearing this?" She asked. "Are you–"

"I-I'm sorry." The redhead said quickly, feeling ashamed of herself. "You were right. I should've never given up on myself so easily."

Sona seemed too shocked to respond.

"I just always thought we'd be wasting our time. That it wouldn't really matter at the end." She continued. "But I realize now even if that was the case, it shouldn't stop me from at least trying. That's what you tried to tell me, right?"

Rias shuffled nervously at Sona's lack of reaction. This was exactly why she didn't want to see her or anyone else. This was way too awkward for her.

"I mean, I know I wasted too much time moping anyway." The redhead said, looking away. "So I understand if you're angry at me…"

To her surprise, Sona's response was a sudden embrace that nearly had her choking. Not knowing what to do, Rias returned the hug, internally glad that she wasn't mad at her or anything, especially when she had every right to be.

"Angry? You opened your eyes and you thought I'd be angry?" Sona chuckled at the supposed absurdity. "No, I'm not. I'm happy beyond words. I'm so glad you finally listened."

"Heh, yeah, sorry," Rias replied sheepishly. "I know I should've done so earlier."

"That's not a problem. What matters is that you did." Sona said, pulling away and smiling at the redhead. "We might not have much time anymore, but I know it's just enough to make a difference."

"Yeah, I hope so."

"Come on, let's tell everyone about this." Her childhood friend pulled her by the arm. "Your peerage will be very happy once they see you like this."

"Ah, wait, maybe don't." Rias blushed, not prepared for that just yet.

As Sona paused and looked at her in confusion, another voice quipped, making Rias flinch.

"Yeah, maybe don't." Akane parroted, prompting the two to look at her.

Rias' heartbeat quickened as she saw the frown on the human girl's face. She prepared herself for another onslaught of ridicule as Sona got in front of her, looking concerned.

"Why not?" She asked. "Isn't this what you wanted too?"

"Of course, it is," Akane responded with a roll of her eyes. "But I don't believe it. I don't believe her."

"Akane–"

"She hasn't given me a reason to trust her, Sona." She cut her off. "So I'll make sure she's telling the truth."

Akane glanced at her with a sharp glare, but Rias refused to look away and met it with her own.

"We're going to spar again." She said. "And this time, I'm not holding back."

"It's clear that Rias has returned to form," Sona argued. "I see no reason for a pointless test."

"Fine." Rias agreed to the challenge, surprising the Sitri Heiress.

A little surprised, Akane smirked and nodded, walking past them without saying a word.

"Are you sure about this?" Sona asked once the human girl left.

"Yes." Rias nodded. "I have to. I need to."

Sona didn't argue with that and respected her decision.

"Good luck." She said, making Rias smile.

If she couldn't at least impress Akane, then she'd have no hope of ever making a difference. Besides, she was still a little sore with what happened, so getting a chance to maybe possibly punch her in the face with no consequences sounded very nice to Rias.




– Akane Amamiya –

[Renewed Resolve] - Quest

Objective: Defeat Rias Gremory in a sparring match

Rewards: 25 to INT and WIS, Moderate EXP, Increase reputation with Rias Gremory

There it is. I was wondering why a quest didn't show up the first time we sparred. I guess she needed to be in a more favorable position first because fighting someone who doesn't want to fight gives you an immense advantage by default.

But I'm not doing this for a quest, not entirely anyway. I was being truthful when I said I didn't believe her. Saying she's going to train is one thing, but I have to test her to see if she's actually determined to go through with this.

Not like she actually has a chance of winning. I'm able to defeat Sona in our sparring matches consistently, and Sona is nearly twice as strong as Rias at the moment. Yes, that's how strong they can grow if they actually put their minds to it. In just two weeks, they can double their powers. Though, I assume their growth stagnates after some time, otherwise Devils would've conquered the world centuries ago.

I didn't stop growing myself of course. Granted, I didn't grow as fast as them, but that's mostly because I barely got any quests. I tried to activate some by asking the others who I knew for sure are strong for a sparring match or two, but I think I exhausted that little exploit.

That is until the belts showed up last night. I'm sure I can exploit them too for a while, but seeing that I don't really have much time anymore, I decided I'll focus on them for now and train by myself or with Ichi after the match instead.

Regardless, this entire thing is a win-win for me. Rias either proves herself, significantly increasing her chances at winning, or she breaks down and proves me right. That she's nothing but a pathetic whiny brat who doesn't deserve a scrap of what she gets.

We'll see right now. As I said, I'm fine with either scenario.

This time, we decided to get away from the crowds and fight deeper into the forest, because I think this duel will be more destructive than the previous one. There's only me, Rias, and Sona around, with the latter acting as the referee.

Rias prepares her Demonic Energy, seemingly refraining from using her Power of Destruction, slightly surprisingly. She knows that I'm much stronger than her physically, yet she wants to hold back. Either that or she's conserving energy.

Well, I did say I'll be going all out, so I don't think it really matters. I create an ice blade with a dull edge, aiming to hurt but not kill, and wait for the mark.

"Are you two ready?"

We nod.

"Then begin."

I charge forward quickly, making Rias flinch in surprise at my speed, before she jumps back, trying to keep her distance via her bat-like wings. The redhead unleashes two blasts of magic at me, which I easily block by creating ice shields around me.

I'm much faster than her, and easily catch up, kicking directly in the gut once I'm in close distance. Rias grunts but doesn't break her stance, tanking the hit before getting right in front of my face, shooting me with more demonic energy.

I act quickly and protect myself by casting Ice Flesh and Ice Skin, tanking most of the damage but still getting flung back. I blink in surprise, not expecting her to counter so quickly, but get my head back into the game as Rias releases more and more magic blasts.

They're not Destruction Magic, so my own Cryomancy should be more than enough to just annihilate everything she throws at me. My Ice is like what, three tiers higher than what I'm supposed to be capable of casting? Letting her put me on the defensive isn't the wisest idea. It'll just give her more time for a different plan, and close range is more advantageous for me.

I gotta be more aggressive.

I create two blades, smirking as I effortlessly cut the energy blasts coming my way. I follow after Rias, who is now high above the forest, with my own ice wings. My spears and swords easily destroy her demonic magic, protecting me and giving me ample opportunity to get in close.

Rias barely dodges my swings, ducking and dashing left and right, showing a surprisingly good reaction time, seeing that I'm faster than her, but she's lacking in awareness still, as I hit her in the back with a blunted ice spear, making her gasp in pain.

That strike makes enough time for me to slam her down with an ice bat, breaking through multiple trees and crashing down, making a crater in the ground. I rush downward, reforming the bat into a sword, and aim to 'stab' her chest.

Rias moves just enough to evade the blow, grabbing my arm and pulling me close to her as she prepares a very powerful and very dangerous magic blast. I gasp in shock as I realize what this is, eyes widening in genuine fear as I quickly come up with an idea.

Right before Rias unleashes her Power of Destruction, I cover myself with my wings. They disintegrate nearly instantly, but they slow down the terrifyingly powerful blast just enough for me to tilt my head away from it blast, only for Rias to punch me in the fucking face.

I may be more powerful, but that attack still did quite a bit of damage as it sends me through multiple trees. I grunt in pain and land on my feet, growling in rage as I wipe the blood off my nose. That fucking bitch will–

I quickly take a deep breath, calming my flaring nerves. No, there's no point in getting angry. Relax, don't let your rage take over your senses. Remember, you have to learn how to control it.

…She might not know this, but that blast could've likely killed me instantly. I may have insanely deadly ice magic, but I'm squishy as fuck. I really gotta be more careful right now, and end the fight as soon as I can. That damned fear of death trait is fucking with my head, I'm shaking.

I hate to admit it, but I may have underestimated her resolve. I don't have the vast energy reserves of devils, so she'll outlast me eventually if I prolong this.

But I won't, so I'm still winning this.

As Rias flies over the forest to get an aerial advantage, I snap my fingers and summon dozens of pieces of blunted weaponry, jumping and standing over a particularly big greatsword, before mentally releasing my hold on the spells, making them all soar toward her.

Rias throws more of her destruction power at me, causing me to jump from weapon to weapon in an effort to avoid getting hit while still getting close to her. It's tough, but I manage to get close enough to her, a mere two meters away from her. Unfortunately, with us being this close, Rias would have to be blind to miss the next shot, and easily gets the lance I was on once I barely dodge the blast.

I smirk as I start falling, however, and simply cast my newly-made ice chains spell, wrapping them around her legs and pulling her very close to me. She yelps but recovers quickly, aiming directly at my face, but I break her concentration by headbutting her, making her gasp in pain.

"Freeze." I say, my smirk widening.

With her disoriented, I end the fight by casting a point-blank Ice Burst, freezing her completely.

As the two of us fall to the ground, I land gracefully as Rias crashes down. I casually approach the still-frozen redhead, creating an ice sword and pointing it at her neck, then glance at Sona.

"Well?"

She looks pretty down but nods anyway.

"You win." She says. "Will you defrost her now?"

"Eeeeh should I?"

Sona doesn't look very amused as I say that.

"Chill, I'm just kidding." I dispel my sword, giggling to myself as the ice encasing Rias melts nearly instantly. "Heh, chill."

Rias gasps suddenly, apparently still conscious, but then scowls angrily as she stares at the ground. I can see that she's taking the loss a little too poorly, which is kind of strange. And here I thought I'd see more of the self-pity and whining she showed earlier. Instead, she looks actually mad.

…I can work with this.

"Damn it." She curses under her breath. "I thought if–"

"You couldn't win." I cut her off harshly. "Not in a million fucking years."

"Bullshit!" Rias glares at me, getting heated. "I had you on the ropes more than once! If I was just a tiny bit faster, I could've beaten you!"

"Rias?" Sona blinks, shocked at her outburst.

"You wish." I scoff, grinning condescendingly. "If this was an actual fight, you would've been six feet under in two seconds. It'd be like swatting a fly~"

"Why you–" Rias stands up and gets close to my face with a snarl. "Let's go again! Surely if you're so vastly more powerful than I, then you wouldn't mind a rematch!"

"Girls, please stop." Sona says, looking more and more concerned.

"And waste my time with trash like you? Please, I have better things to do in my life, like spend time training with the better devil here." I nod at Sona, who is getting increasingly more uncomfortable as this little spat continues. "Shoo, run back to your room and continue being miserable there, seeing how that's all you're good for."

To my genuine surprise, Rias stops verbally responding and actually throws a punch, which I deliberately let connect with my face. The force of the attack makes me take a few steps back, and the familiar pain in my nose tells me that it broke.

But I don't feel angry, not like when she did the same thing in the fight.

"RIAS!" Sona screams at her, looking horrified. "What is wrong with you?!"

In fact, I actually feel kinda giddy.

Fucking finally!

Seemingly comprehending what she just did, Rias' eyes widen as she panics, stammering an apology or whatever the fuck she's trying to say.

"You dumb bitch." I cut her off as I wipe off the blood, making both girls flinch. "Where was this fucking attitude all this time?"

"I– Wha–"

"You come here looking like a pitiful sow preparing to take it in the ass by an even more pathetic moron, crying and doing NOTHING about it," I growl. "But then come around and show actual guts in a meaningless duel because you lost?"

Neither of them is able to respond.

"Is that what gets you riled up? Are you serious?!" I continue. "Do you just randomly get angry about nothing? Is that it?!"

"I-I just thought–"

"No, you don't think." I grab her roughly by the collar, and at this point, I don't know where this is coming from either. "If I, someone you barely know, got you so mad because I beat you in a dumb fight, then why aren't you angry at Riser? The guy who tormented you for fucking YEARS?!

"Akane–"

"This isn't a fight where you're supposed to be calm." I ignore Sona. "Get angry. Think about all the things he did and get PISSED, because that's exactly what you need right now. That's how you win."

Rias looks me directly in the eyes in slight fear, but I can also see that she's listening to what I'm saying, though, I… don't know why I'm so invested in this Rating Game. I genuinely do not care about Rias– I feel nothing when I look at her. No attachment, love, or even the tiniest bit of fondness.

Just… overwhelming frustration.

"If you face an issue you can't just solve, then you beat it, break it, and kill it until it stops being one," I say, letting go of Rias. "Keep doing that until everything is afraid to be a problem. That's how you survive, how you thrive."

Once again, both were too shocked to reply.

"Turn all the sadness and resentment you've felt into overpowering rage and Riser won't stand a chance against you," I promise, lowering my voice. "You will win this."

Rias looks at the ground, seemingly deep in thought as Sona looks at me with a mixture of awe and concern. She doesn't say anything, only nodding slowly at me in gratitude as she puts a hand on the redhead's shoulder.

I spot Rias' peerage and a few others like Ichiban approaching us with confused and concerned looks. They must've seen or sensed the fight, and I'll be honest, I'm in no mood to explain what happened.

"I'm taking my break," I say after a moment. "Think about what I said, will you?"

With that, I leave them to their devices, satisfied but slightly irritated. Ichiban quickly follows me as he sees me walking away, catching up with a very worried expression.

"What happened?" He asks. "Did you get in a fight again?"

"You can say that." I answer vaguely.

"Oh what the hell." He groans. "I thought you were going to ignore her. What happened to that plan?"

"It's fine, everything turned out alright." I wave it off. "You can say we made up…?"

"...You don't sound very sure."

"Ugh, you talk way too damn much. It'll be fine, okay?" I punch his arm playfully. "Just shut up and give me a massage when we get inside."

"I should not have followed you. For fuck's sake."

Our banter continues, but my mind is somewhere else at the moment. Emotions are annoying. These sudden outbursts of mine are too unpredictable and I hate it. I need to find a way to put a stop to them.

At the very least, I confirmed that she wasn't all talk, and got her even more motivated to beat that chicken-fucker.

[Renewed Resolve] - Quest

Objective: Defeat Rias Gremory in a sparring match

Hidden Objective: Inspire Rias to aim for a win

Rewards: 25 to INT and WIS, Moderate EXP, Increase reputation with Rias Gremory

Hidden Rewards: 150 to CHA, Tremendously increase reputation with Rias Gremory, Massively increase reputation with Sona Sitri

Rias Gremory Reputation [60/100]

Sona Sitri Reputation [95/100]

15 Reputation with Goro Majima [65/100]

Plus this. Thanks, Game. I don't know why I got more points with Majima, but I guess my little speech hit close to home or something.

Whatever, let me check my stats real quick. That oughta make me feel happier about myself at least.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 116

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Swordmaster - LVL 16/100 [21%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 7/100 [8%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 10,350 [690 per minute]

MP - 14,520 [8712 per minute]

SP - 10,350 [690 per minute]

STR - 880

END - 690

DEX - 900

INT - 1452

WIS - 1452

CHA - 990

LUK – 490

My balanced build is going smoothly so far. Still squishy, unfortunately. To compare, Sona has like, 80k HP, and I only have a measly 10k. I'm getting there though. Once I'm done with this bullshit, I'll go back to focusing on myself.

I gotta get ready for that warmonger fuck whenever he decides to show up and ruin everyone's good time here. He might not appear because of how many changes there are already, but I can't be too sure, and it's always better to be safe than sorry.

I sigh deeply as I go inside the building. The things I do for other people…


– Sona Sitri –

With how hectic these past two weeks were, she forgot just how great it was to simply unwind and relax. When she first saw the little announcement about their last day, Sona wanted to argue with that, saying that they did not need to waste a precious day playing.

But Akane easily explained that it was mostly for morale, and Sona did not quite have a good counter to that. Sure, morale was already at the peak after Rias' peerage saw that their King was back in shape and ready for the Rating Game, but perhaps rewarding them with a day off was something they needed.

And the moment Sona sunk her legs into the cold water of the pool, she was so glad that they went along with the idea. It had been way too long, with school, politics, and the Rating Game occupying her mind at all times. She really needed this rest.

It gave her some time to reflect on her decision to ask Akane for help, and how their relationship seemingly progressed because of it. She knew it was very risky of her to do, but Sona felt great that everything turned out alright in the end.

Sure, there were bumps like the whole screaming match between Rias and Akane, but that was thankfully solved before anything catastrophic happened. The redhead still seemed slightly intimidated and not the biggest fan of Akane just yet, but that was expected. Though, it was obvious that Rias came to respect the human girl quite a lot, especially after that speech.

It was one Sona didn't expect one bit. Her heart dropped to her stomach when Rias hit Akane in the face, and was ready to get on her knees and beg for forgiveness out of panic, and then, to their absolute surprise, Akane nearly praised her for it. Sona was sure she'd never forget the bloodied grin on the human girl's face.

But it made sense in hindsight. Someone as violent as Akane would very obviously turn rage into fuel. She was part Yokai, after all, and Yokai tend to be creatures of emotions. It still made Sona think a lot about that speech.

Sona looked at the starry night sky, sipping from her red-colored drink.

Using anger as a way to drive you forward. She… never really thought about it that way before. When Akane mocked and belittled Rias, was this what she was hoping for? To get her angry and prove a point?

Could rage be Rias' true key to winning the Rating Game? Was this emotion that's so primal and raw what someone needs to thrive? It was such a fascinating mindset that Sona couldn't help but think about it, and she wanted to know more.

She'd always bottled up her anger and pushed it away to the back of her mind because rage seldom helped her in any scenario. She thought it was useless, that it'd do nothing but bring disaster to her and those around her, but now Sona wasn't so sure.

Perhaps she should ask Akane about it sometime soon. She'd love to hear about what she meant more in-depth.

"–Now resting deep within the confines of the underworld, He awaits his revival." Ruruko narrated as Asia, Koneko and Momo listened, all inside the pool. "A being that sought destruction and death wherever he goes and the one that caused the Great War, indirectly killing billions… Now acts as the monster beneath your bed."

Sona contained a chuckle as she saw the scared look on Asia's face as Koneko barely showed an outward reaction, with Momo only looking exasperated. This was Ruruko's favorite 'horror' story, and of course, she'd tell it to anyone that looked vulnerable to these kinds of tales.

"So explore hell at your own risk, for when you least expect it, you might find yourself facing Him–" Ruruko's vicious grin widened. "And promptly be devoured whole, for none shall come to your rescue, fearing the ire of the True Devil King."

Asia flinched as Ruruko nearly lunged towards her, hiding behind Momo.

"B-but that's just a story, r-right?" Asia said. "I-it's not real…"

"Is it?" Her Pawn giggled. "Don't you know? Quite a lot of young devils go missing every year, and we've yet to find an explanation. Who knows what could've happened to them…"

"Lucifer ate them," Koneko answered bluntly.

"Exactly!"

Asia retreated behind Momo, looking quite fearful, and Sona found that adorable, but that was enough teasing she thought.

"Stop being mean to her, girls," Sona said before glancing at Asia. "Don't worry, they're just trying to scare you."

"So it's not real?" Another voice quipped. "His spirit haunting the underworld I mean."

Sona turned around to see Akane standing right behind her, still in her baggy tracksuit, with her hands inside her pockets. She expected her to wear a swimsuit like everyone here, but apparently not.

"Of course not," Sona answered, adjusting her glasses. "The Original Lucifer was completely annihilated during the Great War. Not even a spiritual trace of him remained."

"You mean like, complete disintegration?" She asked, and Sona nodded. "Wow."

"It was a brutal war." The Sitri Heiress said before switching the subject. "And weren't you planning to join us? What's with the tracksuit?"

Now that she thought about it, Akane exclusively wore baggy tracksuits this whole time for some reason. The weather wasn't particularly cold and even if it was, she was likely resistant due to her bloodline.

She doubted it, but perhaps there was a reason.

"I'm just looking for Ichi right now," Akane answered. "You seen him anywhere? He's learned how to hide his Gear, so I can't sense him properly."

"Oh yeah, I saw him go inside the changing rooms a few minutes ago," Ruruko added. "Dunno what's taking him so long."

"Right, thanks." Akane nodded. "What about Rias? Don't see here anywhere."

"She wanted to continue training," Sona said, her heart swelling in pride as she remembered the determined look on her childhood friend's face. "Saying something about having had enough rest."

"That so…"

Then Akane's gaze lingered on Sona, making her tilt her head in confusion.

"What is it?" She asked.

"It's nothing, just–" Akane paused for a moment then smiled. "I think you look better with the glasses on."

The casual and unexpected compliment made Sona's heart skip a beat, her face glowing red.

"W-what–" Sona stammered, tearing her gaze away from Akane's eyes. "What's the matter with you, saying something like that out of the blue?"

"Smooth." Koneko quipped quietly.

"I'm just saying," Akane replied before she headed to where Ichiban supposedly was. "I'll go get Ichi and join you."

With that, she left, and Sona quickly calmed her beating heart. Her eyes fell on the grinning Ruruko and Momo.

"Not a word." She growled as they snickered.

Why did that get her so flustered?!


– Ichiban Kasuga –

When he saw Akane's message, he dreaded the moment he had to get in the pool with the rest. Now, Ichiban could swim, and he was very good at it too, so there was no issue in that regard, however, it was the fact that he had to be shirtless.

He wasn't shy in that regard either. If anything, he was highly proud of how his body looked and would show it off to others if the irezumi on his back wasn't there. Arakawa told him that it wasn't like any tattoo– it wasn't something to be shown to everyone you see and should be hidden instead.

That didn't mean he couldn't show it off, but more like, it shouldn't be the reason you take off your shirt, so that was made clear to him too. Ichiban was just a bit insecure about it– worried that not everyone will take it positively. Plus, it looked kind of stupid.

Mostly why he avoided swimming even at school. Most of the students there would not view it in a good light again. The ink on his back was exactly that of yakuza, done by a legendary tattoo artist as well. That would automatically make everyone avoid him.

He knew his friends– Akane, Issei, and Asia wouldn't bat an eye, but what of the others? Would they think he's some kind of a spy trying to infiltrate this group of friends? Would they think less of him for it? Some were sticklers for the rules, and he's an underaged guy with a tattoo. That oughta put him on somebody's shitlist.

"Yo, Kasuga." Issei started. "You good? You look a bit concerned there. What's up?"

"Ehh, nothing serious, but thanks for asking, man." He shrugged. "Just a bit nervous, y'know?"

"Nervous?" His friend raised a brow as he took off his shirt, putting it in a locker. "Why?"

"Dude–" Ichiban leaned forward, lowering his voice. "The girls out there are like, fucking supermodels."

"Exactly!" Issei grinned. "It's heaven out there, bro! There's nothing to be worried about!"

"Yeah, but what if you, I dunno, do some stupid shit in front of them?" He raised a valid point.

"Eh, I've been through way worse." Issei shrugged. "Like legit, I used to get my ass handed to me daily by the kendo girls. I'm fully aware of how people view me."

"That's because you keep pissing them off." Ichiban deadpanned but then paused. "...Now that I think about it, you never even tried any of your perverted shit here. You sick?"

"Are you mad? I'm not risking my entire fucking bloodline with Akane watching me like a hawk." He shuddered. "I'm done with that. I mean until she stops looking at me anyway."

He whispered that last part, but it still got Ichiban chuckling at his idiocy.

"Yeah, yeah, laugh it up." Issei rolled his eyes.

"It's funny because I've never seen you do anything perverted at all," Ichiban revealed. "If anything, I just hear it from the girls. Most of them really do hate your guts."

"Most?" Issei blinked, looking hopeful. "You mean some of them don't?!"

"Yeah. Momo just seems exasperated with you, same with Ruruko." He said. "And Koneko just thinks you're mildly annoying. I don't think Sona or Rias hate you either."

"...You really talked to everyone for my sake? That's so kind of you, bro." His friend looked touched, but then he blushed slightly with his question. "What about Akane? D-does she not hate me?"

"I… don't think so, but I'm gonna be honest dude–" Ichiban grimaced. "I don't think she likes you either."

"That's fine because it's still a start! I still have a chance to achieve my dream!"

"What's that?"

"Becoming the one and only Harem King!" Issei claimed.

An awkward pause followed, and the silence was broken by Ichiban snorting.

"There is nothing funny about this!"

"Sorry, sorry." Ichiban patted Issei's shoulder. "...Thanks, man. I appreciate it."

"Heh, no worries. You're still my buddy." Issei grinned. "Imma leave you to it now. Valhalla beckons me."

With that, his friend left the restrooms as Ichiban continued to wrestle with his insecurity in silence.

Come on, man. It's not that deep. He sighed, shaking his head. No one would care. You're technically a yakuza already and they know that.

As he stood up, Ichiban got to taking off his white shirt, but then flinched when he heard his best friend call for him.

"What are you doing in there?" Akane asked, approaching him. "Are you that impressed with the restroom design?"

"Don't scare me like that!"

"I didn't mean to." She shrugged, then looked him up and down. "Gonna get rid of that shirt or do you want me to do it for you?"

"Can you stop?"

"I mean, you've been here for like, ten minutes. Hurry up already." She snorted, smirking a moment later. "Or could it be that you're nervous at the prospect of being surrounded by girls in bikinis?"

Fuck.

She's remarkably sharp! Ddraig laughed. I'm truly beginning to enjoy her company.

Shush you.

"That's not just it." He said, face heating up slightly. "It's… well, you know how I told you I wanted to join the Tojo Clan?"

"Yeah, but what does that have to do with anything?"

"Just…" Ichiban sighed and turned around, giving her his back. "Please don't laugh, even if you find it stupid."

Once that was said, he took off the shirt, threw it to the side, and quickly spoke before she could begin her judgemental and scathing criticism.

"I know what you're gonna say." He started. "Something about it being shitty and whatever flowery words you're gonna throw out."

"I wasn't gonna say that."

"Bullshit, you were thinking it."

"I wasn't." She replied. "If anything, I think it looks kinda cool."

Ichiban froze.

"F-for real?"

"Yeah. It's really well made. I don't get the design, though." She continued. "A carp with the head of a dragon?"

"I don't know. The artist chose the design for me for some reason. When I wanted to object, the boss told me to shut up. I wanted a cool dragon or tiger or something." Ichiban complained. "But I'm stuck with this stupid fish instead."

"You're actually an idiot." She chuckled. "The symbolism totally went over your head, didn't it?"

"What?" Ichiban frown in confusion. "What do you mean?"

"Who knows?" She responded, playing coy. "What about the lack of color, though?"

"That? Well, that was kind of my choice."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. The old artist offered to color it, but I kinda felt like I'm not worthy enough, y'know? I'm still weak, inexperienced, and young. I don't think I deserve to be by the boss' side yet." He continued. "But when I'm there– when I finally think I'm good enough?"

"You'll get it colored?"

"Yeah." He nodded. "I-I know it sounds corny as fuck–"

"It is. It's very corny." She giggled, making him click his tongue. "But I can respect it. Shows that you're taking this really seriously."

"I am. I just want to pay back the debt I owe the boss." Ichiban said, flinching and turning around as he felt Akane's awfully cold hand on his back. "...What are you doing?"

"My bad. I got curious." She stepped back, getting smug. "But now that you've shown me this, I guess it's my turn."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

She didn't respond verbally, only beginning to pull down the zipper of her tracksuit right in front of him. Ichiban's face turned bright red as he spotted the lack of a shirt beneath the baggy suit and quickly looked away, as much as one part of his brain screaming at him to look at her.

"What the fuck are you doing!?"

"Taking off my tracksuit so I can swim?"

"You plan on swimming naked?!"

"No? I'm wearing my bikini."

…oh

He slowly turned back to look at her, cursing under his breath as he saw the unbearable smug grin on her face. She was wearing it underneath the tracksuit. Of course, she was, when wasn't she fucking with him?

"You really thought I'd get naked in front of you?" She laughed. "You fucking moron. Get over yourself."

"I can't be too sure with you, alright?!"

"So you'd look away? You'd really look away when I decide to flash you?" Her giggles continued. "You're actually an idiot. Come here."

He had no good counter to that and remained silent as she took him by the hand, leading him outside. Why did he look away? He gotta admit, though…

Ichiban swallowed as he realized just how unbelievably attractive his best friend had become. She almost always wore baggy clothes so he never noticed, but her body was completely flawless, especially her bottom half.

It wasn't only him who thought that, either. Everyone else paused as they saw her, either drinking in the sight or simply looking away once Akane met their gazes. The subtle sway of her hips every time she walked a step had him staring especially, and all the blood rushed to his head when Akane noticed him, giving him a wink.

Goddamn it.


Wee bit till we finish this arc. About damn time considering that this fic is already 200k words.

also, here's a treat to go along with this. pic related to chapter

Spoiler: Akane
Last edited: Jan 14, 2023
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot and 282 others
Mirlnir
Dec 16, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 23: Deal Done
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 18, 2023
Add bookmark
#393
This is it. The day when I see if my efforts were wasted or not. Two weeks were invested into these dumbasses, and I'd be sorta pissed if they fail this now. True, I did say I don't care if Rias won or not, but after her show of genuine determination that time, I'm a little more inclined to root for her.

Though, overall, I think going through this has been a somewhat positive experience. I'm closer to the devils, I've grown more powerful, and so have my human friends. Plus, we have the gravity belts to take home with us. Without the desperation and lack of time, I might've not suggested the idea to Majima.

Also, I actually kinda enjoyed my time here. The sparring matches I had with Sona were great because I almost always came out on top, and the several times we hung out, like the pool party, were a lot of fun, especially teasing and flirting with Ichi. His reactions are oh-so-precious.

So eh, ain't so bad. Now that this place is basically our hideout, I'd say I profited a lot from this little venture.

As everyone gathers around the living room with Sona going over the plan once more, I glance at Rias, who is in her school uniform for whatever reason. You'd think a battle uniform or armor would be better right now, but I ain't judging. I really hope she took my advice to heart. A tranquil heart in the middle of a battle is great and all, but sometimes you have to go apeshit to win. I'm speaking from experience here.

Rias would benefit a lot from that kind of mindset right now, especially when she has so much hatred for Riser. The more she dislikes someone, the more effective said mindset will be. She might not be able to use Shin Youjutsu like me, so emotions aren't going to be that much of a boost for her, but it's not strength she needs right now. She's powerful enough to face Riser and probably pressure him too. No, what she needs is the unbridled rage and will to keep fighting until she's ripped him a few more holes. Fury can go a long way in winning you fights.

We'll see. We're just waiting for her ride so we can go back and watch the match inside the facility.

"Is everything clear?" Sona asks the redhead. "This is your best shot. You must let Riser focus on you for this to work."

"I know."

"He looks down on you and doesn't know what you went through here, so you have a big advantage," I add. "So you also gotta hold back against him to start with, act like you're struggling. He'll be more overconfident that way."

Rias frowns a little at that. I get it, acting helpless can get really fucking annoying.

"I understand it might bother you a little, but Akane's idea is sound." Sona agrees. "He must completely forget about and disregard your ace."

"You can still mock and insult him, though," I advise with a smirk, prompting her to look at me. "If anything, I recommend it. He'll be even more focused on you if you continuously belittle him. Remember, he doesn't view you as a threat, so you should do the same. Trust me, acting like you're so above someone is really fun."

"I suppose it might not sound so bad after all." Rias mirrors my grin. "You have no idea how much I want to say to that chicken loser."

"I can imagine. Trash talk is kinda my thing."

"Don't I know it." Ichi quips, also smiling. "Swearing three times every sentence isn't very creative though, Akane."

I elbow him in the side playfully as he grunts and chuckles.

"I suppose having him lose his cool will make him more susceptible to attacks." Sona nods. "He wouldn't be very aware of his surroundings when mad."

"That said, Riser has a lot of experience in this field. Rating Games specifically." Akeno chimes in. "He might see it coming, no?"

"I doubt it." Rias shakes her head. "Riser doesn't know anything about this place, only that we're training. He'd still be relying on my… well, 'defeatism' to make this an easy victory for him."

"And the moment he realizes that you got over it, it'll be too late," I cross my arms. "You have a lot of advantages over him. As long as you don't get ahead of yourself, this is easy pickings for you."

"I suppose so." Rias responds, then after a second, she suddenly chuckles.

It makes most of us pause in surprise and confusion at that, and Sona is the first to question her.

"What's so funny?"

"It's just– well, just a few days ago, I thought this would be easy pickings for him." The redhead explains. "But now it's the complete opposite. It's so wild just how your outlook can change so much so quickly."

"It happens when you take your head out of your own ass for once." I say bluntly, making her wince but smile all the same.

"That's fair. To be honest, I still think I'm going to lose this. I know this isn't how I should be thinking going into the match, but this nagging feeling refuses to go away." She continues her speech. "Even still, I refuse to go down without a fight anymore. I won't let him win so easily– I'll make him go through unimaginable agony before he takes it all."

"And that's what matters at the end of the day," I reply with a shrug, smirking. "Good job on you for figuring it out finally. Took a while~"

"I guess so." Rias giggles. "I know I haven't been the most diligent around, but thank–"

"Thank me when you win." I cut her off. "This all means nothing if you just end up losing to that moron."

As Rias is about to argue, we hear a knock on the door. We all look at the culprit as it opens, revealing a white-haired woman with red eyes wearing a maid outfit behind Majima. She has a blank look on her face as she stares at Rias her peerage.

That woman looks familiar. A check with Observe tells me who she is, alongside a fairly important note. I know Grayfia is Satan-class – not sure where she compares to Serafall though – so I expected to see more question marks because I'm not at that level yet.

That isn't the case this time. I can actually see her stats.

Name: Grayfia Lucifuge

Title: The Strongest Queen

HP - 800,000

MP - 950,000

SP - 500,000

Race - Pure-Blooded Devil

LVL - 915

STR - 7211

END - 6004

DEX - 5903

INT - 2600

WIS - 2200

CHA - 4000

LUK - 500

Thoughts about you – Looks down on you for being a human. Thinks your unnecessary worth to the Yakuza is ridiculous

Reputation - -15

Affection - 0

Obedience - -100

Loyalty - -100

Okay, first of all, fuck you too you glorified devil cumdump. At least I didn't defect to roleplay as a fucking maid for the enemy.

That aside, she is strong. I've gotten used to these kinds of stats and have been expecting them, but even then, she's much stronger than my uncle even. Seeing that I still can't see Majima's stats means he must be stronger than her though.

Heh, human superiority for the win. Good job, Majima. I want to see him kick her ass one day.

…Okay her thoughts about me might've offended me a lot more than they should've, but damn it, who the fuck does she think she is anyway? She has nothing to be haughty about, and I hate people like her. The nerve of this bitch.

She must be their ride though, meaning the Rating Game will start soon. It's kind of early in my opinion, but I guess time zones are different in japan and the underworld. I think. I don't know how dimensions work.

"I suppose it's time," Sona says, glancing at Rias. "Are you ready?"

"Yeah..." She answers with a grimace as she looks at her sister-in-law before whispering. "Did it have to be Grayfia, though?"

"Rias…" Sona frowns.

"I'm going, I'm going." The redhead sighs as she leads her peerage, with Sona walking beside her.

This makes me blink. What, is Grayfia universally disliked or something? Why did Rias look so hesitant all of a sudden?

As the younger devils huddle around the maid, Grayfia first hands Sona something before casting a teleportation circle. Sona steps back to not get whisked away with them, and right before they disappear, Grayfia gives me a cold glare, making me frown in annoyance. Alright, bitch, I get that you don't like me, but what the hell was that for? I don't even know what I did to get her so pissy.

Once they vanish, Sona walks back at us holding some sort of a blue orb. I am about to ask her what it was, but she answers before I can.

"It'll let us see the match from the human realm." She explains. "Instead of having to go to the underworld."

With that, Sona puts the orb in the middle of the dinner table as a holographic screen pops up from it. It flickers a bit before showing Kuoh Academy floating in the middle of a void, but I quickly remind myself that this is where the game is taking place. Mostly to give Rias an advantage.

Majima closes the door as he leans against it, silently watching the screen. Sona and Ichiban sit next to my right and left respectively. We wait for the match to begin quietly after a few minutes, with the announcer – apparently – trying to hype up the match where everyone knows that Riser will win.

Well, they think that he's going to win, but if all goes according to plan and Rias doesn't fuck up in the most crucial part? They'd all be in shock, and I'm gonna get extra points with the devils. The redhead is gonna blab that without me, she wouldn't have stood a chance, and that is going to net me a lot of positives.

I notice from the corner of my eyes Sona looking quite nervous, prompting me to whisper to her.

"What's wrong?"

She glances at me, seemingly debating with herself whether to speak or not, but with a resigned sigh, she does.

"Be honest with me, Akane." She says, looking kind of anxious. "Do you think Rias can truly win this?"

"Are you seriously having second thoughts now?" I raise a brow, a bit surprised that this question came from her of all people.

"No, not that. I would like to think that Rias will win this," Sona answers hesitantly. "But I don't know... "

"She did waste a lot of time moping, so it's valid how you feel about it." I shrug. "Weird how it's coming from you, though. Weren't you the one who kept hyping her up saying how she can easily wipe the floor with him?"

"I know what I said." She replies, clicking her tongue. "It's just– what if I'm wrong? What if all this effort was for nothing?"

"Now you're beginning to sound like Rias." I scoff and roll my eyes. "Relax. Gremory can win as long as she wants to win. Riser might be more experienced and has the numbers advantage, but if that file you gave me when you came here was accurate, Koneko or Kiba alone are enough to wipe them all out excluding Ravel and Riser himself."

"You think so?"

"Please, after what they went through, a bunch of low-tier trash is a breeze to them," I smirk. "And with Rias' ace in the hole? Riser is fucked."

"I see…" Sona relents, leaning back on her chair. "You're the only one in this room who fought Riser before, so I'll take your word for it."

"You should." I nod. "I've never been wrong in my life. Ever. I'm always right."

"You are the source for most of our problems." Ichi deadpans.

"And I'm the one who solves said problems, so it cancels out."

Sona snorts uncharacteristically at our banter but says nothing as our attention gets drawn to the match starting up. I guess with the lack of actual consequences for me, I don't feel as nervous. Sure, now that Rias is motivated to do this, I might be bummed out if she loses, but ultimately? There are no stakes for me.

Then again, I'll be closer to the devils – or Sirzechs specifically – if she wins, so I might have something to gain here after all. Hopefully, she doesn't forget her training and beats his deep-fried ass. Always expect the worst while hoping for the best, though.

I hate being disappointed.


– Koneko –

Once her eyes adjusted to the new location, she realized that their starting position was inside their club room. She spotted the rest of her team – Rias, Akeno and Kiba – and all of them nodded to one another. The plan was simple.

A full frontal assault by all except Akeno, who would be on standby until the perfect moment to attack. Just one clear opening was all she needed to turn the tides completely, but after the words of encouragement from Akane, Koneko thought that it wasn't really needed.

She felt a whole lot more confident, seeing her King so energized and ready for a fight, but like always, it wasn't a good idea to be arrogant. Riser still had a severe number advantage after all. Four against sixteen wasn't fair no matter what anyone says.

But like Sona and Akane said, quality over quantity.

Kiba and Koneko followed after their King, who led them to battle. The only male of the group conjured up a wind-empowered katana for a little boost in speed as Koneko sharpened her senses once they reached the courtyard.

Rias raised an arm and released a powerful blast of demonic energy at the sky, creating a small pillar of magic seen by probably everyone.

"Come out and face me, Riser!" She raised her voice, aiming to lure him out. "Bring your entire peerage with you. You'll need them."

Several of Riser's emerged from different places, prompting Kiba to brandish his blade with a smile as Koneko cracked her knuckles with a frown. Six pawns, one bishop, one rook, and two knights. No sign of Ravel or Riser anywhere, the only threats to them really.

The knights of Riser seemed to be the ones leading everyone. Karlamine and Siris, if Koneko remembered correctly. They didn't look very intimidating– if anything, their power felt kinda disappointing. Compared to the likes of her King, Sona, and Akane anyhow. Those were the real powerhouses of their generation.

Still, even Ichiban looked a lot more capable than their opponents. Had they really grown that much?

"Yes, send the trash our way, why don't you." Rias scoffed, mocking them to their faces. "I'm shaking in my boots."

That seemed to annoy some of them, but none reacted violently yet.

"You look quite confident, Lady Gremory." The one known as Siris said. "When just a month ago, you were begging Lord Lucifer to delay the match."

"Yes, for Riser's sake obviously." Rias lied, but with how confident she said it, she was quite convincing. "Your idiot of a King clearly isn't worth anyone's time. I mean, he's sending you worthless peasants as some sort of 'intimidation' tactic. All this experience is for naught I see~"

"Why you–!" The rook growled, charging first. "How dare you insult my Lord's honor–"

Before she even got close, Koneko rushed forward and delivered a particularly powerful punch to her gut, making her eyes nearly pop out of her skull as she dropped to her knees, coughing violently. Koneko then casually kicked her in the face, instantly knocking her out.

Riser's rook was teleported out, with Grayfia's voice signaling her defeat. This was enough of a warning to the rest as some even stepped back in genuine shock. Rias merely patted Koneko's head before clearing her throat.

"Just as I said." Rias crossed her arms with a smirk on her face. "Worthless peasants~"

Siris flinched and backed away a step, now knowing why Rias looked so confident, but that was not enough to send them all running. Riser's Knight aimed her blade at the three and ordered everyone to attack, prompting them to get in their stances.

Rias jumped back and took a more defensive position as Kiba and Koneko charged forward. Five were on her and the rest attacked Rias' Knight, and the Nekoshou was fairly surprised at just how much she'd improved in the training they went through.

Out of the five attacking her, the other knight was so damn slow. Koneko felt like she could run circles around her without her noticing– it was laughable just how pathetic they actually were.

…Was Riser really carried by his Phenex regeneration? Was that why he had any wins under his belt at all? She overheard Akane once discussing that, but she thought the human girl was just being a bit cocky. Apparently not, if that's the best he has.

After dodging and blocking every single thing thrown at her, Koneko began her counterattack, sweeping a pawn off her feet before smashing her head on the ground, knocking her own immediately.

As the enemy bishop tried to attack them from above, she was struck down by Rias' far superior demonic energy, putting her down fairly easily. If anything, her King had to hold back on that one, because using the Power of Destruction would've killed the poor girl.

More blasts of demonic magic occasionally rained down on them, taking out more and more of Riser's peerage. Rias didn't want to use much of her power because she was saving the good stuff for their dickhead King, but Koneko could handle this easily.

Rias' Rook ducked under a blade and slapped it out of the knight's hands before introducing her fist to the attacker's face, the direct hit sending her through the school's warehouse. Grayfia's announcement told her that that one was also put to bed, so Koneko went to work on the rest, defeating the other pawns attacking her.

That was, until the queen showed up, casting her bomb magic everywhere and forcing Koneko and Kiba back. The two glared at Yubelluna as some of the enemy peerage retreated into the woods, making Koneko smile slightly.

Idiots. They had no idea what was waiting for them there. Though, either way, they were getting wiped out by them or Akeno.

"Well, well, looks like someone finally grew a backbone." Riser's Queen said sarcastically. "Sadly, you'll still–"

"Listen, you're not any better than the idiots we've been beating a minute ago." Rias cut her off with a scowl. "So run back and tell Riser to come and face me right now. Don't waste my time or you'll regret that your King picked this fight."

A slight aura of destruction erupted as her King said that, making Yubelluna flinch.

"I-insolent whelp!" She growled. "How dare you?!"

"You do realize I'm quite literally your superior, right?" Rias countered.

"Not on the battlefield, you're not!" Yubelluna denied, readying her bombs. "Prepare to–"

"Riser's pawns, Ni and Li, have been eliminated."

"W-what–"

With her caught off guard by the announcement, Riser's Queen wasn't given a chance as Kiba wrapped her leg with a bladed whip before dragging her down, signaling for Koneko to rush forward at her, jumping to her level and throwing a heavy kick to her head, flinging her into a building.

Kiba summoned several blades and shot them at her, stabbing her in the arms and legs and pinning her into a wall. Without even one prospect of countering, Rias released a ball of demonic energy that quickly took her out. The redhead had a self-satisfied grin on her face as Yubelluna was teleported away, then glanced back at the remaining Knight and two pawns with a cold glare.

"Riser's Queen and Rook, Yubelluna and Xuelan, have been eliminated."

"Looks like Akeno is hard at work as well, isn't she?" Rias said. "I hope she doesn't tire herself out taking out the trash."

Siris and the two other pawns flinched, looking in genuine fear as only four devils dismantled nearly every one of Riser's peerage, while not taking any losses themselves. Koneko felt proud of that fact.

She also felt proud that her sneaking skills hadn't dulled after two weeks of only strength training as she snuck up on the knight and suplexed her hard. The two pawns, shocked and distracted by what Koneko did, were quickly taken out by Kiba via a large blunted sword to their heads.

With that, only the Phenex siblings remained. Koneko had no idea what Riser was doing right now and why he let his stupid harem take the fall so hard, but she'd lost respect for him – like she had respect for someone like him to start with– why didn't he try to at least fight alongside them? Was he that confident in his regeneration?

Whatever it was, he couldn't win now that they've taken the number advantage away from him.

Should've thought more before sending his lackeys.


– Sona –

She knew she shouldn't be, but Sona was genuinely surprised at Rias' efficiency in just annihilating Riser's peerage. Yes, they weren't particularly strong– low and mid-class do not compare to high-class devils, which all of Rias' team were, but it was still impressive. They did it in the span of three minutes.

Sona glanced at the human girl next to her, who didn't show any outward reaction to what happened.

Akane wasn't as surprised, though. "If that explosion bitch was his queen, then he was gathering a harem, not an actual peerage." Is what she said, which was a fair assessment, all things considered. None of these girls had any notable potential to add to his peerage, and it didn't seem like Riser put any effort into training them to be formidable.

Then again, he won all these games because of himself and his sister, the only high-class devils. His peerage usually got taken out rather quickly, and Sona was fairly sure that Rias held the current record for doing it the fastest.

So far so good. Rias, who was the least trained because of her depressive episode, didn't waste too much energy. Akeno was keeping her distance and hiding in the forest, waiting for the signal to come out. And now only two enemies remained.

He's going to have to show himself sooner or later, and thankfully, as Riser stood up from the principal's chair, he wasn't looking one bit worried. Rias' show of power didn't get him to drop his arrogance and strategize for real, just as they expected.

Ravel, though, was another issue entirely as she accompanied Riser to the battlefield. Unlike her brother, she was extremely intelligent and knew a threat when she saw one. She wasn't as strong or gifted in the regeneration department, but she was definitely smarter than him- as were most devils of their generation, in fact. Plus, while not really a notable trait on the battlefield, she was far kinder than Riser.

"And that's all of them small fry out of the way," Kiba said. "That was a lot easier than I thought it would be. I suppose Amamiya-san's training paid off quite a lot."

"The knights were slow," Koneko added, agreeing with him. "They shouldn't be slow."

"Well, the difference in power between us and them is fairly vast." The Knight of Rias shrugged. "That should be considered at least."

"Ichi is way faster." She stated. "And he's human."

Koneko and Kiba continued their bickering and Ichiban blinked as he heard the praise, looking a little surprised. Akane playfully elbowed his side, wagging her eyebrows with a smug smirk.

"Someone has a fan~" She said.

"She just said I'm better than them." He rolled his eyes. "How does a compliment correlate to her being a fan of mine?"

"It's not easy getting her praise, Kasuga," Sona added as she adjusted her glasses with a smile. "You've definitely made a positive impression on her."

"Ah…" He rubbed the back of his neck, getting slightly flustered. "That so?"

"See?" Akane's insufferably smug grin only got wider. "She's a fan."

"No, I only made a positive impression, like Sona said." He continued to deny it.

The two kept arguing for a few seconds. Well, 'arguing'. It was just Akane lightly making fun of him as he got increasingly embarrassed. She wasn't kidding, he was fun to tease. Sona was starting to see the appeal.

An explosion suddenly sounded from the screen, prompting them all to look at what happened. The Phenex siblings had finally arrived, with Ravel throwing a condensed fireball at Koneko and Kiba, whom only the latter managed to evade.

Koneko could not, however, but that attack didn't easily take her out either, as she managed to block it at the last second, putting her arms over her face. It did damage her, but not by much. The nekoshou frowned deeply as she got back into her stance, regrouping with Rias and Kiba, who glared at the smirking Riser.

"I'll admit, I didn't expect this much defiance from you, Rias." He started. "I thought you'd raise the white flag just as the match starts."

"Give me some credit." She growled. "I haven't caved your face in yet."

"How violent." He chuckled. "Did I do something to offend you, perhaps?"

The sarcasm coating his tone only made Rias more irate, but behind that irritation, Sona noticed genuine concern and possibly even fear. Gaining the willingness to fight was one thing, but facing your tormentor will always be a tough ordeal.

"But that couldn't be true." Riser shrugged as he floated down from the building, walking towards Rias. "After all, I'd never do such a thing to my fiancee."

Rias' demonic energy enveloped her as she took a step back, her fists balling into a fist. She was definitely intimidated by him, even though she had a greater level of power. Sona bit her lips in worry as her thoughts began to betray her.

"She's scared," Akane suddenly noted out loud with an annoyed tone, making Sona look at her.

"Naturally," Sona responded after a beat. "This isn't exactly easy for her, mentally."

"If all that build-up leads to her losing it at the most crucial moment, I'm going to personally crash the wedding just to beat her ass again in front of everyone." The human girl promised casually, making Sona sigh in exasperation and – to her own surprise – amusement. "And nobody will stop me."

Sona didn't doubt her as much as she thought she would. She was probably crazy enough to do that somehow.

"Have faith in her, Akane-chan." The Mad Dog, who was silent the entire time, said with a grin, surprising all of them. "She's got this."

"God, I hope so." She muttered, making Sona and every other devil who heard her flinch. "...My bad."

As Riser continued his advance toward Rias, who whispered to her Knight and Rook, Kiba and Koneko both charged forward. Riser was about to push them away with his magic, however, to his surprise, they weren't seeking him.

Kiba waved his hand and several cursed swords made of water formed above him before soaring towards Ravel, who quickly made a wall of fire to protect herself. With another wind sword made, Rias' Knight slashed at the air and created a powerful gust of wind, which launched Koneko through the fire and directly in front of Ravel.

The Nekoshou's fist connected, sending Ravel crashing through several walls and away from their King. Kiba and Koneko both ran past Riser and towards his sister, leaving Rias alone with him. Good, now all the redhead had to do is keep occupied until Akeno made her entrance. Just one perfect attack with her Holy Lightning was all she needed to cripple his rapid regeneration for a time.

"How nice of your friends to give us some alone time." Riser chuckled, looking back at them and not noticing the rapidly approaching Rias. "I must say I'm–"

As he turned his head back to Rias, the redhead's fist made contact with his punchable face, sending him to the other side of the battlefield and into the woods. Sona wasn't sure why her childhood friend started with a punch rather than a blast of destruction– a strange and admittedly stupid decision, Sona judged.

Akane thought the opposite, though. If her quiet laughter was any indication at least.

The screen was now split into three to show everything. Ravel, Koneko, and Kiba in one, Rias and Riser in the next, and Akeno in the third.

With Ravel kept busy, Riser wouldn't have any valid support against Rias, and Akeno whenever she entered the fray. Sona wasn't counting on Koneko and Kiba to defeat her quickly enough that they'd be able to help their King, but as long as she was away from her brother, then they'd done their part.

The real fight started now.


– Ravel –

There was something wrong about this whole thing, and Ravel wasn't sure what it was. Sure, the entire peerage getting taken out was a fairly common happenstance because of how admittedly pathetic Riser's harem was, but this quickly? And by four devils no less?

And it wasn't like they had to try, from the looks of it. Rias' Rook and Knight were shockingly powerful, seeing how they're managing to fight her with relative ease. If not for her Phenex bloodline, she didn't think she would fare as well. Ravel expected them to be at least a little tired after having to deal with fourteen different fighters.

That was not the case.

Ravel unleashed streams of flames at her opponents as she tried to keep her distance. Kiba rushed forward, getting in front of his ally and protecting them both by using his wind sword to redirect the fire away from them.

Ravel clicked her tongue as she flew higher, trying to bombard them with fire and wind, but the Knight was much faster than her and easily caught up, slashing at her devil wing to break her balance while in the air, giving Koneko enough time to fly at her and tackle her back down.

Ravel's concentration immediately broke as Koneko punched her in the face several times until they made contact with the ground, creating a big crater where the Rook continued throwing punches. In her desperation, the Phenex screamed and exploded in fire and wind before directing all of the released demonic energy towards the white-haired girl, getting a clean hit in and knocking the smaller girl off her.

Ravel noticed the swords soaring toward her, prompting her to jump and fly away, hiding behind a tree as she controlled her breathing. She wiped the blood off her forehead as the wound began to close itself, and in this moment of respite, Ravel began to think.

They were so much stronger than they were supposed to be. They were barely on the level of Yubelluna not long ago– how did they become strong so fast? She knew they were training in the human realm, but there was no possible way they could have grown so much in such a short amount of time.

This brought her to the worrying thought she had, which is Rias' weird and out-of-place confidence. Now, Ravel knew what Riser was up to – and for the record, she did not approve – so by all means, the Gremory's morale should've been crippled by now, maybe even causing her to give up immediately.

But instead, she wiped out nearly the entire peerage, and her own left her alone to deal with Riser apparently like it was her own personal vendetta. Did whatever training they went through in the human realm yield so much result that it even got Rias confident?

Well, the answer seems to be yes. Ravel couldn't believe that she was struggling this much against only two of Rias' peerage, which brought up another question entirely. Where was Rias' Queen and why didn't she show herself? Akeno was the only genuine threat other than Rias that Ravel acknowledged before the match began, so why was she hiding?

If both Koneko and Kiba gained so much power in a short amount of time, then just how strong had Rias' Queen become? That's why she was hiding, wasn't it? She was the ace of the peerage, and they wanted her to conserve as much energy as possible.

And now that only she and Riser remained–

Ravel's eyes widened as she realized what they were doing. She needed to get to Riser right now.

With her enhanced hearing, Ravel heard the slightest steps and quickly ducked as a fist punched through the tree she was hiding behind. The Phenex girl grunted and shot a torrent of intense flames at Koneko, but she was interrupted when a shortsword stabbed her leg, making her cry out in pain.

Before she was given a chance to recover, Ravel was struck in the stomach by Koneko, who then let loose a combo of heavy punches and kicks. She may be a Phenex, but that didn't mean she didn't feel pain, and by Lucifer those were agonizing.

Refocusing regardless of the weight behind those attacks making her dizzy, Ravel evaded a hook by stepping back and countered by creating a point-blank fire and wind explosion, launching Koneko away. She barely ducked under Kiba's swing and kicked him off before throwing a fireball at him, keeping him busy for a second.

And a second was all she needed to get away. Her wounds began to heal themselves, but she was getting tired. She didn't have much mana left in her and she had to warn Riser before he was taken by surprise. Ravel had confidence in her brother's abilities, but even he couldn't defeat an amped-up Rias and Akeno on his own, especially if they were aiming for a surprise attack.

Ravel flew toward her brother's general direction as fast as she could, but she couldn't exactly outrun Rias' Knight, who easily caught up in less than a few seconds, getting in front of her and swinging his absurdly-large sword vertically, sending her crashing back down into the school's pool.

She gasped as she got out of the water, growling in frustration as Kiba chuckled at her.

"Sorry, but I can't let you go there." He said, politely giving her some time to get back on her feet. "We knew you'd eventually catch on."

"And you're trying to keep me busy." Ravel continued off for him. "You don't think your King can handle me and Riser at the same time."

"Of course not. Rias is powerful, but not strong enough to fight off two high-class devils at the same time." He admitted.

"Your fight is with us." Koneko added as she finally caught up. "You're never going there."

"We'll see–"

Just then, a loud, thundering boom froze the three in their places, especially Ravel, whose eyes were wide as she felt the holy power where the noise came from. She didn't know what that was or who was responsible, but Riser's demonic energy suddenly becoming half as strong as it's supposed to be made her very anxious.

Her heart dropped as Kiba chuckled again. They had something to do with this? Is this their plan all along? But where did they get a hold of–

Akeno was part Fallen Angel. She remembered.

"Well, either way, you're too late." He said. "So how about we end this?"

This Rating Game had turned into a disaster.


– Rias - a few minutes earlier –

It probably wasn't very wise to surprise attack someone with a jab when you had very powerful magic, but by the Devil King, it was so incredibly satisfying to deck that arrogant bastard in the face.

Admittedly, that was partly due to her suddenly panicking when he showed himself. Yes, she was the one who kept calling for him to fight her, but she didn't count on herself getting so nervous when he actually accepted her challenge after most of his peerage had been wiped out.

Her heart was pounding and her throat felt uncomfortably tight and dry. The reality that she was actually facing him in battle after years of trying to delay the match finally caught up to her. This was her last chance of getting out of this stupid wedding, and she was frozen in fear.

You can't win. It's pointless. Just give up, it's easier. Accept your fate.

Those things swirled in her head, beating her confidence and faith down until they were nothing but dust. All the things she told herself before returned, ten times worse than ever. Her knees felt weak, and she was about to collapse.

That was until another voice made itself known, and that one told her to get angry.

She didn't need faith or confidence, not in this particular situation. All she needed to win was overwhelming rage.

Once Riser got distracted by Kiba and Koneko, that familiar voice spoke again, this time screaming at her to get mad. This push was just enough to make her charge first, and now they were here, their fight finally beginning. Rias refused to act helpless, refused to hold back.

She would break him in two.

As she caught up with his flying body, Rias grabbed him by the collar and continued to smash him through several trees and large rocks, fully aware that it wasn't doing much damage. What did damage, however, was when she released an orb of destruction point-blank, erasing his head and everything else that was in front of her.

Riser managed to escape her grip as he flew back, his head regenerating.

"Feisty today, aren't you?" He raised a brow, not particularly bothered that he just lost his head. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you're trying to kill me."

As a response, Rias shot him, her glare sharpening as every word that came out of his mouth made her angrier. Her attack was quite a bit faster than him and he wasn't expecting it, so the redhead was able to land a few more hits, erasing his arm and part of his torso.

"Whatever gave you that idea?" Rias growled, her tone nothing but venomous.

"Very feisty." He reiterated as he regenerated. "You know, as your senior in Rating Games, anger usually has a negative impact on you and your peerage."

"I'm well aware."

"Good, we're on the same page." Riser said, looking slightly annoyed as his fiery aura exploded. "I've waited so long for this moment, and I'm going to enjoy every second of it."

That makes the two of us. She thought, responding by flaring her magical aura and flying up to his level.

As Riser started his assault by casting several wind blades and fireballs, Rias had a tough time avoiding all of them, so she opened fire and began erasing the incoming spells with her
Power of Destruction. Even a small orb of that could destroy whatever her opponent threw at her.

The main issue was her stamina compared to Riser, or lack thereof. As a Phenex, he naturally has a bigger pool of energy to support his rapid regeneration, and Rias didn't have that luxury. She couldn't afford to waste energy like he could.

So perhaps a more physical approach was a lot more useful than she thought. She couldn't expect to do a lot of damage with just her fists, but doing damage wasn't her main concern. It was distracting him. Plus, it felt a lot more satisfying.

With that in mind, Rias circled around and sped toward him directly, getting hit by a wind blade but persevering well enough that she crashed into him, landing on the ground. With her on top of him, she didn't give him a chance to retaliate as she smashed both fists on his face.

Riser, who rapidly healed from her blow, rolled his eyes and kicked her away, not one bit damaged, but Rias wasn't done there. Taking his time standing up, Rias kept throwing punch after punch, doing little to no damage. That was, until she coated her hands with her own demonic energy, causing every strike to create a powerful shockwave that seemed to hurt him a little.

"Is this really your plan?" He said after catching her fist. "Letting loose all your anger until you have no more energy to spare? Please, Rias. I thought we were grown-ups here."

The voice returned, demanding to see her wrath.

She gasped as he buried his fire-engulfed fist into her stomach, before letting go of the spell in his hand that exploded, sending her sprawling over the grass. Riser grabbed her by the head and slammed her face into the ground. Acting quickly, Rias shot his leg off, forcing him to kneel and breaking his balance, before standing up and delivering an uppercut.

Riser wasn't letting that go so easily, however, as several fire orbs formed around him. One by one, they all shot toward the redhead, hitting her in different places as she struggled to defend herself. She certainly couldn't stop his punch that sent her flying.

Where's your rage?

Rias quickly flipped and landed on her feet, shooting his face and leg with destruction blasts before charging forward, kneeing him in the stomach. Riser took it without struggle before countering, responding with his own knee to the stomach, making her cry out in pain.

The sharp winds around him cut her arms, legs, and cheek. She couldn't make a distance between them before Riser grabbed her hand and twisted it painfully, getting behind her and releasing a powerful fire blast to her back, burning the uniform and her skin.

"Hurts, doesn't it?" He chuckled. "You know Rias, you've actually impressed me. I seriously thought you wouldn't even try."

Where's your hatred?

Rias grunted and screamed as he twisted her hand even more. He kicked the back of her knee and forced her to sit down, his hand getting hotter and hotter.

"But all that? It felt like it came from the heart." He said. "You really want to win this, don't you?"

Get angry.

A guttural growl escaped Rias' throat, making Riser laugh.

"Defiant till the end." He continued, his grip getting tighter as a sizzling noise filled her ears. She couldn't feel her hand anymore. "Tell you what, give up now, and we won't have to prolong this any further."

For a split-second, Rias' eyes met another's. Focused, violet-colored eyes waited for her mark, and if not for the overpowering anger nearly clouding her mind, she would've smiled, because whatever was on her face was too animalistic to be called that.

Get furious and make him pay.

The growl turned into a mighty roar as Rias' demonic energy erupted, forcing him to let go of her. Quickly, Rias turned around and slipped by him, holding him in a full nelson as golden sparks flickered in the forest.

"What the–"

Riser couldn't even comprehend what happened before a powerful lightning strike hit him, nearly rupturing their eardrums. While not directly hit, Rias felt the searing holy energy make contact with her body, and it was one of the worst things she ever experienced. The ringing in her ears didn't make it any better.

She let go of Riser as he fell down to his knees, gasping in agony with wide eyes almost bulging out of his skull. He tried to get back up, but another strike forced him down, making him scream in pure agony.

Akeno walked towards the two, her fallen angel wing spread for all to see as holy lightning danced around her fingers. A wide, cruel smirk made itself known on her face, making Riser shiver in genuine fear.

"Oh my~ What do we have here~?" She giggled. "An injured bird and… sorry, Rias."

"I-it's fine." Rias flinched, the pain slowly disappearing.

"T-this was your plan all along?" Riser gritted his teeth.

"Is it really that surprising?" Rias scoffed. "I'm not stupid, Riser. Everyone knows I can't beat you in the traditional sense."

"You…" He snarled at Akeno, trying to get up. "You'd spit on your mother's legacy and use this so-called burden? Do you not have any principles to stick by?!"

"A lot happened in those two weeks." She responded casually. "And I've learned to stop clinging onto the past."

"Should've done your research before the match. This is where your arrogance got you," Rias smirked, forcing him down with her foot. "Akeno?"

"With pleasure~" Her Queen understood her immediately.

"W-what are you–"

His unasked question was answered by Akeno electrocuting him again, using less power as to not kill or knock him out. Riser's miserable cry was music to her ears. He couldn't even say he was giving up because he was too busy screaming, and it was the most beautiful thing Rias had ever seen.

"Riser's Bishop, Ravel, has been eliminated."

Would you look at that? Only he remained now, but Rias honestly felt like collapsing too. Akeno's holy lightning took a lot out of her.

…It would've been pretty embarrassing if she was knocked out by her own Queen now that she thought about it.

"That's enough, Akeno." Rias stopped her. "So, Riser? What's it going to be?"

"F-fine, fine! J-just stop, please stop." He begged, gasping and sobbing. "I–I giv–"

Just before he said it, Akeno struck him with lightning again. "Just for good measure."

"I GIVE UP!" He screamed. "YOU WIN! Just stay the fuck away from me you crazy bitch! I never even wanted to marry you in the first place! I was fucking forced into it too!"

And now he's looking for sympathy? That's just pitiful at this point.

Akeno frowned, acting like she was offended, and was going to do it again for shits and giggles before he disappeared, teleporting out. The announcement was sounded, declaring Riser's defeat and Rias' victory, making her heart pound faster.

"Riser and his peerage have been wiped out. The winner is Rias Gremory."

She won. She actually won the Rating Game.

"We won." She muttered, glancing at the smiling Akeno. "We won."

"We did." Her Queen nodded, retracting her wings.

Rias, unbothered by her dislocated shoulder, rushed and embraced Akeno with the biggest smile on her face as tears rolled down her cheeks. She almost couldn't believe it. She felt like she was going to wake up from this dream any second now.

But against all odds, they did it. She won the Rating Game, she was free of this forced marriage.

The nightmare was finally over.


– Akane –

I sigh in relief once I hear the announcement. Okay, that last bit kinda had me worried, but I knew they'd win in the end. If I knew her Holy Lightning was this strong, I wouldn't have had Akeno conserve that much energy. Seriously, only two blasts were enough to bring him down? I thought he'd tank a few more at least.

Rias' reckless idea of tanking some of the damage almost made me scream at her. That could've knocked her out, and I can't believe Akeno went along with that stupid plan. I'd beat the shit out of both of them if the fight didn't end in their victory.

But I guess he was too cocky to take the fight seriously either way. The smart plan would be tanking damage for his peerage as they played a supporting role, but he'd rather have them all be wiped out before flexing his regeneration for no reason.

He's not an idiot, or at least, not a complete moron. If he was able to manipulate Rias for years and make her think she didn't stand a chance then that says enough about him, but as I said, he got too arrogant and fucked it up.

He banked hard on Rias' defeatism, not knowing I've already resolved her issues.

Aside from Rias' profound stupidity at the end, they've won, and that's all that matters.

I glance at the shocked expression on Sona's face and snort in amusement. No faith, I tell you. She was so confident in her friend, but the moment the match began, all that hype went up and vanished.

Everyone begins celebrating, cheering and whistling for Rias and her friends. Even Asia, Ichi, and Issei join in on it, happy with how this turned out.

"Told you," I say, standing up and stretching my arms with a satisfied groan. "You had nothing to worry about."

As I break her out of her surprise, Sona damn near tackles me into the ground as she embraces me tightly. I can see several red laser points suddenly aiming at her head, making my eyes widen in panic, but Majima calls them off as she begins to thank me.

"Thank you." She whispers, making me return the hug. "Thank you so much."

"Yeah, sure." I hesitantly pat her head. "Just doing my part of the deal."

At least the rewards are nice. Couldn't do the bonus, but eh, this is good enough.

[Demon Instructor] – Quest

Objective: Make Rias win the Rating Game

Bonus Objective: Make Rias' Peerage come to terms with their past

Rewards: Unlock Affection for Rias Gremory, Tremendously increase Reputation with Rias' peerage and Sona Sitri, Massively increase reputation with Sirzechs Lucifer Gremory, [Natural-born Mentor] perk, +50 CHA

Bonus rewards: Unlock Affection for Rias' peerage, Greatly increase Reputation with Sona Sitri, [Reliable Anchor] Perk, +100 CHA, Epic Gacha Token

100 Reputation with Rias Gremory [100/100]

Affection unlocked

+100 CHA

100 Reputation with Sona Sitri [100/100]

Affection unlocked

+100 INT

Perks gained

[Natural-born Mentor]

Something about you makes it so much easier to teach and mentor others. It comes naturally to you – no matter what it is you're teaching, and your students will always listen to you very intently, absorbing as much knowledge as possible

Your students will always be successful no matter the field

[Celestial Presence] - 1000 CHA

Your mere existence can inspire awe in others– whether it's in the way you walk, talk, or even your natural aura. People are more inclined to listen to you and do your bidding for little to no rewards, and feel very comfortable around you.

All allies receive a 25% to all stats when in battle, and they'll have an urge to protect you even if it means throwing their life away.

Rep gain is increased tremendously.

More than good enough~
Arc is basically over. Took way too long lol.

Anyway, in case you didn't know, I've posted my genshin fic here. Check it out if you have the time
Last edited: Jan 19, 2023
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot and 311 others
Mirlnir
Jan 18, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 24: Devilish Ventures
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Apr 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#410
– Daigo –

He never anticipated that this risky decision would yield so many rewards, but Daigo had to thank his lucky stars that it had. This was more than just a best-case scenario.

It had left him confused when Majima had reported that Akane apparently wanted to help the devils with something. Sure, he knew that they were relatively okay with one another and that his plan was progressing smoothly, but the sudden news had given him a pause.

When it was explained to him more in-depth, Daigo realized just how useful this could be to him. With her helping the devil heiresses, Akane, and him by extension, would have more allies and a tighter relationship with the faction as a whole.

So he decided to put a lot of effort into helping her. From letting the Majima Family work on that facility to giving her the training belts. She did not ask for much, surprisingly, but whatever she did seemed to be enough, if the news of the Gremory winning the Rating Game was anything to go by.

He knew enough about Tatsu's daughter– how she inherited her mother's anger issues and how much of a rebel she could be. She had grown up to be a delinquent, and Daigo could relate to a lot of her traits. He used to be a delinquent as well, before taking the Tojo Clan Chairman position.

There had always been the risk of her simply not getting along with the devils and at worst, ending up completely hating their guts. Instead, it was the opposite– she had gone out of her way to help one of them deal with a problem that had plagued them for years and was ultimately successful in doing so.

It almost felt surreal when he heard the report. This was much better than anything he had been expecting. Helping Sirzechs' sister get out of a marriage that neither of them had wanted in the first place? Almost like everything had aligned itself to work with his plan somehow. Daigo almost couldn't believe it.

With Akane being regarded highly by the New Lucifer, New Leviathan, and their sisters so much that they were willing to invite her to the underworld for a party, Daigo saw an opportunity.

Since they couldn't exactly let Tatsu's daughter go on her own for several reasons, the invitation was extended to Daigo and whoever he or Akane wanted to bring along, so they would have to accompany her, and what would the world say when they heard the news that the Sixth Chairman of the Tojo Clan was personally invited to the underworld alongside the Immortal Dragon's child by Sirzechs Lucifer himself?

"The plan turned out a lot better than most of us anticipated." His first captain said, reading the report. "How should we move from here?"

"Attend the party of course," Daigo responded.

"This could be a trap." Mine argued. "Is it wise to accept the invitation?"

"I doubt it's a trap. Sirzechs has been trying to find ways to loophole his sister out of the marriage for years now. He's being genuine." The Chairman shook his head. "Tatsu's kid becoming the reason that his sister isn't married off will make him even more grateful to us."

"I suppose so." Mine quickly relented. "Sirzechs has never been the scheming type."

"Ajuka is, and he should be under watch while we're there." Daigo nodded. "Though, I doubt he'd be remotely interested in this party."

"And what of the Amamiyas?" His captain raised another point. "What is your plan with them?"

Daigo paused for a moment as he thought about this. Akane had to attend the party– it'd make them kind of suspicious if the main reason they were invited wasn't there, or even given notice of the said party. So far, the devils didn't suspect a single thing, and he'd rather keep it that way until the peace talks.

But the main issue here was Mizuki. As far as he knew, she didn't know anything that had been happening with her daughter or the devils. She did look a bit apprehensive about Akane's 'camping trip', but she didn't do anything about it, which was good enough. It would've been a disaster if she'd found out in the middle of their training.

Now though, she had to know. He couldn't exactly whisk her daughter away to the underworld without her knowledge or permission. Daigo respected Mizuki far too much to do something like that. He was willing to do everything in his power to convince her, though.

"I'll try to convince Mizuki."

Mine let out an unprofessional snort before quickly clearing his throat as Daigo sighed.

"Futile effort, I know." The Chairman said. "But I'd rather not get kicked in the dick or punched in the face again."

"If I was an ignorant man, I'd say you're letting her walk over you."

"It's how she communicates. I've grown used to it." Daigo shrugged.

And it was all well-deserved anyway.

"And I suppose the apple doesn't fall far from the tree after all."

"I guess not." Daigo chuckled as he stared at his phone. About time he told her what had been really happening.

He took the device and called Mizuki's number, and she answered almost immediately with a happy tone.

"Oh, Daigo!" She greeted him. "How nice of you to call first. Everything okay?"

"Thankfully, yes. It's good to talk to you again, Mizuki-san." He greeted her back, suddenly feeling nervous. "There's something I want to talk to you about."

"Oh?"

Once he told her the entire story, Mizuki remained quiet for a few moments, and Daigo could feel the anger emanating from the phone. The silence was too overbearing until she finally spoke once again.

"I see." She said coldly, her relaxed tone having evaporated. "Thank you for telling me."

He was about to reply, but the connection was cut before he could utter a word. Daigo blinked at his phone a few times before putting it back down on the table as an idea made itself known in his head.

He should wear a groin guard next time they met. Preferably one made of magical metal.


– Akane –

Once the Rating Game concluded, we basically partied until late at night. It was great– sure, Rias and her peerage weren't there to party with us, probably busy with whatever was happening down there, but that's fine with me. I still don't like Rias. I just tolerate her existence.

It's currently 1 AM and everyone's gone home after having their fill of KFC because I thought it was extremely hilarious. My throat is gonna end up as dry as a desert in the middle of the night with how much fried chicken I ate, but it was worth it. The joke will never get old.

I have been given a letter of invitation by Rias' brother before I left the facility, delivered by Sona because I don't think he can actually pop in here whenever he wants, but I don't think I can go there even if I wanted to. I'm not sure the Yakuza will allow it.

I am admittedly interested to see what the underworld looks like. I've traveled around the world with my parents before, but I've never been to a different dimension. Is it as toned-down as the actual DxD series or is it actually filled with fire and brimstone everywhere? I haven't asked any of the devils about it, so I don't know what hell looks like.

We'll see. I'm more excited about the gravity belt and what I can do with it in my free time. Aside from the obvious benefits of training, I can maybe try to dismantle it and learn how it's made, which will probably level up my engineering class a lot. I haven't forgotten about it, but there just hasn't been enough time to work on it.

But now I have all the time in the world. Or until the next arc starts at least.

I open the front door to my house, blinking once I see the lights still on. Asia, who was on the verge of falling asleep, doesn't notice it, but she too sees my mother on the couch, smiling softly at her and waving.

I spot several empty beer cans on the table and deduce that she's been drinking again. I'm a little surprised that she's not knocked out, but in hindsight, she didn't drink a lot in comparison to the usual.

Though, it is late.

"We're back, Mizuki-san." She says before yawning as I close the door.

She turns to look at us, flashing us a grin.

"Took you long enough~" She says. "You look very tired, though."

"Mhm." Asia nods, rubbing her eyes.

"Same." I stretch my arms with a satisfied groan. "I'm going to bed now."

"Not before you tell me what happened on your camping trip," Mizuki says, making me roll my eyes.

"Can't it wait?"

"No." She responds, sounding a bit forceful, which makes me blink. "It can't."

I pause for a moment but chalk it off. She's probably on her 'special daughter withdrawal symptoms' or some shit. Not like this is the first time it happened, and it certainly won't be the last. How is this grown woman still functioning?

"Asia, you can go to bed." She said. "I'm sure Akane will tell me everything."

"Oh." The blond blinked before going up the stairs. "Okay then. Goodnight!"

As Asia leaves us, I quickly realize something with how she phrased her words. Did she imply that she knew Asia was with me? I'm pretty sure Majima told me that Mizuki won't know a thing. What gives?

I mean, unless he meant she wouldn't know about the training trip, or the devils being there in general, but I doubt he'd do that. He's probably smart enough to not mention this at all or she'd snoop around and–

My train of thought comes to a screeching halt as my cheek suddenly flares in pain. It takes me a second to process that my mother slapped me, and even then I don't know how to react. I was too focused on my thoughts to see her coming.

I look at her directly, putting a hand on my cheek, eyes wide in shock. My heart begins pounding as she glares back at me with so much anger for some reason, preventing me from uttering a single word.

"You may not know this," Mizuki starts with a cold tone. "But that hurt me a lot more than it hurt you."

I uncharacteristically stammer, quickly tearing my gaze away from her as my chest starts to tighten, no word coming out of my mouth. What the hell is going on? Why am I feeling like this? How can she hit me like that?

"I understand keeping secrets, hiding things away from me. You have every right to, and I told you I won't pry anymore." She continues. "But I have limits too, and what you just pulled? That crosses the line."

"I-I just–" I stutter, not being able to understand these feelings and why they make me so passive.

I try to summon my rage– force myself to be angry at her for hitting me so this painful feeling goes away, but every time I think of the slap, it just makes me feel so much worse, so I try to think of other things and to no avail. So when I want to be angry, I can't be? Is this really how it's gonna be? I can't even be aggressive to her in any way. What the fuck is happening to me?

"I keep telling you that these devils aren't trustworthy– that they'd do anything for just a tiny bit of power," Mizuki says. "These bastards are responsible for your father's death, so you go around and play with them as if nothing happened, and for what?"

I take a step back still looking down as I try to calm my pounding heart.

"Do my words mean nothing to you anymore? Does Tatsu mean nothing to you?" She narrows her eyes.

"T-that's not it…"

I feel myself mutter something, but I feel so out of it.

"Then what the fuck were you thinking?!" Mizuki growls, making me flinch. "Why would you do all of that without telling me?! What was it all for?!"

"I-I'm sorry, okay?!" I respond just as loud, making her stop. "I get it, I should've told you. I was wrong not doing that, so just stop yelling at me."

This got her to back off somehow, giving me enough time to calm myself and think. I can't get angry, and this seems to have made an effect, so clearly I should act like I'm guilty and sorry so she leaves me alone.

I don't know why my vision suddenly got blurry, but I rub my eyes and struggle to look back at her, noticing her expression of worry and remorse. Okay, I feel calmer now. I can wiggle my way out of this easily now that I'm in control.

"I-I know you feel about them, and I know it's not unwarranted either," I say. "But I don't feel the same way. I can't just bring myself to hate them."

"They–"

"I know what they did." I cut her off, feeling a bit more confident. "But generalizing the entire race because of one doesn't seem fair. Would you feel the same if a human did it? Would you hate all humans then?"

"One?" She chuckles mirthlessly. "Do you even know that your father's killer is still alive? That these New Satan refuse to hold him accountable for robbing him from us?!"

I pause, absorbing this new information.

"All of them are the same." She scowls. "Power-hungry bastards with no sense of justice or mercy. They can act nice all they want– they're nothing but mindless animals that seek destruction everywhere they go."

"Didn't you say the same thing about your father's side of the family?" I argue, shutting her up completely. "A long line of sadistic, evil killers. Worse than even Devils you said."

The tables have turned as Mizuki stutters, realizing her hypocrisy.

"Yet here you are." I continue. "You come from that line, you saw firsthand how that family operates, but you refuse to be like them because you're a good person at your core."

This makes her flinch. Good, it's working. She caught me by surprise at first, but now I'm in control. That's probably what all that was. Just surprise and shock, nothing more.

"I'm not stupid, Kaa-san," I say, taking Angel's Sorrow out of my inventory. She knows I have it anyway and probably overheard my conversation about the inventory. "I know you weren't always the kindest. I know you have blood on your hands."

She remains silent.

"But I don't bring it up because I know it would hurt you. I know you feel bad about it. I know you're different." I put the gun on the table. "And it's the same thing with the devils. Sure, I still keep them at arm's length, but they're nearly as human as us."

"They've taken Tatsu away from me." She responds with tears welling up in her eyes, her voice as loud as a whisper. "He's shown me so much love and happiness when I never experienced anything of that sort. He's given me you."

"And I can't expect you to turn a switch and suddenly be fine with the devils. They hurt you a lot, and I understand if you never forgive them." I take her hand, gently squeezing it. "But you have to keep an open mind at least. The devils I hung out with are my age– they're innocent of anything they've done to us."

A look of disappointment crosses her face before it's replaced by confusion and conflict.

"I just can't share this hatred for them, Kaa-san," I say. "I know that's rich coming from me, but it's just how it is."

"What if they take you away from me too?" She persists. "Then what will I have left?"

…I don't like seeing her crying. It hurts.

"They won't." I comfort her. "I promise that no matter what happens, I'll never leave you. I'll always be by your side."

This breaks the camel's back as Mizuki starts to sob, tears freely rolling down her cheeks.

"I'm sorry." She says, falling to her knees. "I'm sorry. I-I shouldn't have hit you."

I kneel and hug her tightly, patting her head as she cries on my shoulder, continuously apologizing to me. I reassure her that it's fine and I 'had it coming', not believing a word I say as a frown takes over my face.

I hate this.

1 Affection with Mizuki Amamiya [100/100]

-59 Obedience with Mizuki Amamiya [1/100]

Perk gained

[Eye of the Assassin] - Affection Perk

With eyes like yours, no enemy is safe from you, no matter how powerful they are in comparison. You know where to strike and how to make it painful

Occasionally, thin lines will pop up in your sight, guiding you to a specific location on the target's body. Hitting these lines perfectly will ignore all resistances, durability, and immunities, and deal three times the damage. Five times if it's a melee attack.

Perk will be lost if Mizuki's Affection lowers but can be regained at any time

Not even this powerful perk managed to cheer me up as I stew in my anger at my inability to handle such a stupid thing.

I hate this so fucking much.


– Mizuki –

Being jolted out of her sleep by a particularly annoying nightmare, Mizuki gasped. Her eyes opened wide as she looked around, ready to kill the closest living thing until her brain caught up, making her groan in frustration.

It was the same damned thing all over again. Her daughter gets kidnapped and turned into a soulless killing machine for the Amon clan. She'd been getting this one since telling Akiyama about them. Mizuki could barely get any sleep.

She scanned her surroundings, realizing she was sleeping on the couch in the living room. Mizuki rubbed her eyes tiredly after checking her watch, which told her that it was already afternoon.

She grimaced, her head pounding from how much she had drank last night. She hadn't planned on drinking, but after being told about what Akane had been doing behind her back, she felt intense anger and worry. She would've rushed to where the batfuckers were if she hadn't been told that Akane was on her way home.

So with nothing to do, she coped with her rage by drinking a copious amount of alcohol. She knew that it wasn't healthy for her mentally, but that was the only way to mute those emotions. She didn't want to be angry or sad anymore.

That was a terrible decision, though. Sure, at first, she felt better, maybe cried a little bit, but that was fine. It was nothing at the end of the day, but then her daughter got home, and all the anger she felt before erupted once again, prompting her to do something she regretted.

It wasn't the first time she'd hit Akane of course. She nearly got herself killed in an especially brutal brawl a few years ago, and Mizuki had had enough of her getting in so many fights at the time. Plus, she was sober, so she at least weighed in the options and thought it was the best she could do to get to her stop, or at least calm down and stop looking for fights. You can only do so much by being nice and understanding.

But it never got easy. Seeing her beautiful daughter in shock, looking so hurt, guilty, and on the verge of crying tore Mizuki's heart out and stabbed it a few more times for good measure. Akane always used sorrow and grief only as fuel for her anger– it was how she coped. She rarely got sad. It was a rare sight that Mizuki never wanted to see again.

Mizuki never wanted to do this. She hated seeing Akane like this, yet at the same time, she was glad. With how scarily empty and emotionless her daughter looked sometimes, this was proof that she was still human. Feeling remorse and sadness wasn't something the Amon clan was known for. She could still be steered away from their path.

With a deep sigh, she stood up from the couch, stretching her arms before heading towards the kitchen counter. She saw a few plates with a random assortment of food, a cup of coffee, and a note from Asia. Mizuki smiled slightly as she read it, taking a bite of toast.

I'm out to get some groceries, Mizuki-san. Please eat what I made for you.

With love, Asia.

Mizuki needed to fill out some adoption papers real soon. She'd always wanted a second daughter.

She blinked in confusion as she heard her daughter swearing profanities loudly. It was still early– she thought Akane would still be in school. Did she not go? Whatever it was, Mizuki had no idea what she was doing in the garage, but still felt curious enough to investigate.

She took the cup and headed towards her daughter, noticing Angel's Sorrow on the counter which made her hesitate. Mizuki pursed her lips and took the gun, putting it in her back pocket before opening the door leading to the empty garage. She paused, seeing so many different kinds of broken and dismantled electronic devices littering the place. Microwaves, clocks, laptops, radios– and so on.

Akane, in a simple gray tank top and jeans, was standing in the middle, not even noticing her mother entering as she worked on a small robot-looking thing that was as big as her arm, screwdriver in hand. She didn't know what this was for or how her daughter could even make something like this.

She also noticed that her daughter had become very fit. Whatever training she had done with those devils yielded a lot of rewards, it seemed. Just before that, she had been a bit pudgy due to lack of exercise, but now she's the opposite. Not exactly shredded, but a very good figure regardless.

Mizuki felt very proud of her. A good physique was important.

"What are you doing?" Mizuki blurted out, catching her daughter's attention.

She instantly felt awkward under her gaze, almost expecting her to be angry for what she did last night, but then Akane responded.

"Building this. I didn't feel like going to school and I wanted to waste some time." She answered. "And good morning."

Akane then paused as she checked the time on her phone.

"Or afternoon. I could've sworn it was 7 AM just a few minutes ago." She continued, scratching her head. "Oh well, I'm almost done with this anyway."

With that, her daughter went back to work, carefully building the robot. The silence was strangely comfortable. Enough for Mizuki to approach Akane, curiously watching her using her tools. She didn't know Akane could do something like this.

Usually, it was Mizuki who fixed things whenever they broke. She wasn't an expert, but she had learned the basics from Tatsu. Akane was the one who always complained that stuff wasn't working properly or whatnot.

"Soo…" Mizuki cleared her throat. "What is it for?"

"Dunno." Akane shrugged.

"Wasting time, then?"

"Yup. I haven't thought that far ahead." She nodded. "...I might turn it into a maid or something, though. That'd be cool."

"I suppose having something clean instead of Asia would be nice." Mizuki agreed before shifting awkwardly. "About last night–"

"We've had this same conversation a billion times this month alone." Akane cut her off casually. "And like always, it's fine."

"I-I see…"

…At least she's not mad?

"Anyway, you know how to program stuff, right?" She suddenly asked, putting her tools down. "You used to work for a video game company for a while. Unless that was to cover up your real job?"

"No, I didn't lie about that." Mizuki shook her head. She wanted some normality in her life at some point. "Why?"

"Well, making this thing is cool and all–" Akane tapped the robot. "But it can't do much unless I program it. Mind teaching me how to do that? I looked up some videos, but I like how you explain things"

"Of course!" Her mother nodded enthusiastically, grinning widely. Spending more time with her daughter and teaching her random stuff? Sign her the hell up. "When do you want to start?"

"Right now," Akane said. "Assuming you have nothing something to do?"

"Nope. Let me just bring my work laptop and we can start."

"'Work' she says. Watching porn isn't work and you know it." Her daughter deadpanned. "You do realize that I know you play eroge on it, right? Your library on Steam is open to the public. I saw over twenty different hentai games."

"Hyperdimension Neptunia is NOT a hentai game!" Mizuki denied it immediately. "How dare you imply such a thing?! I will not tolerate this slander!

"That's not what I meant and you know it."

The doorbell ringing stopped their banter, prompting Mizuki to glare at the two devils standing in front of the door. On the other hand, Akane blinked, apparently not good enough to recognize their energy signatures when lowered.

"Asia?" She mumbled before opening the garage door.

Mizuki stayed back as Akane waved for them, making her look away. She remembered her conversation last night– how her daughter didn't share her hatred and anger toward the devils, and Mizuki found it… understandable.

She knew she was being unreasonable– those two specifically were just toddlers when that happened. She hated Sirzechs and Serafall, but their siblings weren't to blame for their incompetence. Mizuki knew it wasn't fair to hate them.

But hatred this powerful usually isn't very rational.

"Akane!" The one named Rias called out, sounding excited.

Mizuki damn near charged at the redhead devil when she hugged Akane tightly, but stopped herself and took a deep breath through her nose. She still kept an eye on them, however. Rational or not, she still couldn't stand them.

"Thank you. Thank you so much for helping me." The redhead continued as Akane squirmed, trying to wiggle her way out. "I don't know what to say."

"Thanking me is enough, I promise." Akane pushed her away, though she didn't seem to be annoyed. More exasperated than anything. "So what do you want?"

"Rias wanted to visit and thank you." The other devil, Sona, said. "And here, since your other school uniform was ruined."

"Ah…" Akane grimaced.

"Sorry, we're out of male uniforms," Rias said.

"Can't you just order more or something?" Akane replied. "Seems like an easy issue to resolve."

"No," Sona responded with a smile.

"...You just want to see me in a skirt, don't you?" Her daughter accused the Sitri Heiress.

"There's nothing wrong with looking girly, you know," Sona argued.

"Don't worry, she'll grow out of her tomboy phase sooner or later," Rias added.

Mizuki hated to admit it, but that almost got her to snort in amusement. That would probably never happen.

"I don't have a problem with looking girly. I have several dresses in my wardrobe," Akane said, ignoring the redhead's comment. "I just hate skirts."

"Too bad~" Rias smirked. "You're gonna have to deal with it."

"Do you want me to kick your ass again, Gremory?" Her daughter scowled. "Because my schedule is free."

"It's a joke! I'm just joking." The redhead flinched as the other devil giggled.

Mizuki noticed how close they looked– like regular friends she made at school, and she felt incredibly annoyed and uncomfortable at the fact.

"Yeah, that's what I thought." Akane scoffed, smirking a second later. "I did well teaching you to know your place."

"Too well," Sona added as Rias pouted. "That aside, we just wanted to make sure you were coming to the party."

Mizuki froze and grimaced. Right, that was happening.

"I'll try," Akane replied dryly. "You mind if I bring Ichiban with me?"

"Of course not. We'd be glad if he came along." Sona nodded. "He helped us too, after all."

"Koneko would be sad if he didn't come." The Gremory heiress added.

"She's gotten very fond of him, hasn't she?" Akane chuckled. "Good. Then it's fine to bring everyone else too, right? Issei and Asia I mean."

"Sure." Rias smiled. "We'll leave you to do what you were doing now. See you at the party, Akane."

With that, the devils left and Akane closed the garage door, walking back to Mizuki. Her daughter paused for a moment, meeting her eyes and tilting her head in confusion.

"What?"

"You shouldn't have accepted the invitation," Mizuki responded bluntly.

"This again?" Akane sighed.

"You know I don't trust them." She said. "Maybe those two are fine. I can admit that. But willingly going to their home? That's madness."

"It'll be fine, Kaa-san. I promise." Her daughter replied. "I'll have Ichi and everyone else with me. Even Dojima-san will go. They won't do anything to me with the Tojo Clan chairman there."

She hated how valid that argument was.

"It's just a simple three-hour party and I'll be back home like nothing happened." She insisted. "Hell, I promise I won't drink or eat anything, and once I come back we'll go out and have some Yakiniku. Sounds nice?"

Mizuki hesitated for a moment, calming herself before sighing deeply.

"...I can't stop you." Mizuki relented reluctantly. "But please, please be careful, okay?"

"I will." Akane smiled. "And don't worry, even if some dumbass tries anything, I can defend myself just fine. I've gotten powerful since last time, y'know."

"I suppose so."

She's right. Mizuki had to trust her daughter– she'd always been smart and skeptical enough to not do anything unbelievably mindless, so it'd be just fine. Plus, Daigo would be there. He'd take care of her.

She tried to calm herself with a lot of logical and valid reasoning, but for some reason, she just couldn't stop the treacherous thoughts from breaking in with a billion different irrational ideas of what could happen.

Mizuki shook her head. No, enough of that. She trusted Akane. Her daughter wasn't stupid.

She could take care of herself.

"But just in case–" Mizuki said, making her daughter tilt her head as she pulled the gun from her back pocket. "I want you to take this."

"That's your gun, though." She raised a brow, then fidgeted sheepishly. "I'm sorry for stealing it, by the way."

"I was more worried about you asking questions than touching my stuff, to be honest." Her mother shrugged. "Still, I think you're better off using it than me."

"Are you sure?"

"I trust you." Mizuki insisted, and as much as she wanted to hide it, her daughter looked moved.

"Well… alright," Akane said, changing the subject quickly, which may or may not had Mizuki grinning. That definitely got her. "Now let's get to programming."

"Sure!" Mizuki patted her head. "Let's start with the basics. First Lesson: Do not use C++."

"Hold that thought. There's actually something I wanted to talk to you about."

"Oh?"

"It's kind of related to this. Kind of." Akane said. "I want to buy a car."

"What? Why?" Mizuki blinked at the sudden request. "Do you want to learn how to drive finally?"

"First of all, I know how to drive–"

"A motorcycle, not a car."

"–But no, I just want one." She insisted vaguely. "Trust me, you're gonna love what I have in store."

"...Well, okay." Her mother sighed. "But I'm not getting you anything expensive. Your budget is five million yen."

"Fine by me."

If they weren't rich beyond belief, Mizuki was sure they would've gotten bankrupt ages ago. And she'll admit, she's a bit interested to see what Akane will do with a car.

Still, the incapability to say 'no' to her daughter truly was a curse, in more ways than one.


– Ichiban –

If he was being honest, Ichiban had never considered himself to be that important of a person.

He was an orphan– the man that took care of him when he was little had passed away, and he wasn't even old enough to join the yakuza yet. No ties, no connections, and not exactly a bright future. That wasn't to say he hated living or anything, but he was aware enough to realize that, in the grand scheme of things, he was a nobody.

He wasn't like, say, Daigo Dojima, or even Akane. One of the most influential figures in the entire clan due to her relations with a yakuza legend. Just by her mere existence, she had a lot of political power.

Yes, he had a Longinus, but it's not like Sacred Gears were that uncommon. When he died, another guy would have the Boosted Gear. It wouldn't be lost forever or anything like that. But that was fine with him, he didn't mind it at all.

At the end of the day, what mattered helping his friends and serving his future patriarch. Being important to those you love was what he cared about, and he liked to imagine that his best friend did like him to an extent.

Regardless of his importance – or lack thereof – he was surprised when he was told that he was also invited to the party. He didn't think he had done a lot in the training to warrant such a thing. It was Akane who really focused on them being better, excessively harsh methods notwithstanding.

He did appreciate the sentiment, but when he asked Akane why, she responded with 'I need a meatshield in case things go south.' which admittedly made him chuckle in amusement. They both knew there was no way of that happening unless they were attacked by an entirely different faction or something. Even then that was highly unlikely.

Ichiban wasn't good at politics, but even he knew that attacking the leaders of the yakuza and devils would be an unbelievably stupid idea. That was probably just her way of saying she wanted a bodyguard.

He accepted the invitation, though, because he was admittedly curious to see what the underworld looked like, and it wasn't like there was anything else to do. So with the money he had, he went out, bought a classy red suit, and got back to his apartment to prepare. Ichiban needed to get rid of the messy afro on his head because he was not about to embarrass himself or the yakuza.

And Ichiban was very glad that he did that. Being seated in front of the right hand of the Tojo alongside the chairman himself made him sweat bullets. Yoshitaka Mine and Daigo Dojima respectively. Even Issei, who was right next to him, was dead silent from sheer anxiety. The whole ride to Akane's home was unbearably quiet.

They eventually stopped and the car's doors opened by themselves. The four of them got out and Ichiban finally managed to breathe– the tense air inside nearly suffocated him. He glanced to the side and stopped dead in his tracks as he spotted his best friend walking toward them with Asia in tow.

He wasn't sure what he was expecting, but he thought she wouldn't take this whole thing that seriously. Ichiban thought she'd probably wear casual clothes, and at worst, a suit like him. But that wasn't the case this time.

The first thing that caught his attention was how her hair didn't obscure her left eye as it was slicked back, ditching the usual emo look he'd grown so used to seeing. She wore a sparkly black dress that exposed her left shoulder, a silver necklace and earrings, and bright red lipstick alongside some light makeup.

He legitimately didn't recognize her for a few seconds, opting to stare in shocked silence. There was no doubt that Akane was very attractive, but he didn't realize just how good-looking she could be if she put in some effort. It was certainly breathtaking.

…Strangely enough, though, he still preferred her regular self. It felt more 'her' so to speak. He never pegged her to be the kind of person to like this stuff anyway.

"Dude…" Issei whispered. "I think I'm in love."

Ichiban glanced at his friend in exasperation. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to deduce that, my guy.

"It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Akane-kun," The chairman suddenly said, smiling politely at Ichi's best friend as he extended his hand to her. "I'm Daigo Dojima, a friend of your parents and the Sixth Chairman of the Tojo Clan."

To nobody's surprise, even Akane was a little nervous in his presence, but she held her composure very well as she smiled back and shook his hand.

"Pleasure's all mine, Dojima-san." She bowed respectfully before glancing at the anxious blond girl next to her. "I'm sure you know her already, but this is Asia Argento. A Sacred Gear user I took under my wing."

Asia, who was also very striking in her strapless white dress, didn't respond verbally out of nervousness and just nodded too. Ichiban did find this to be very amusing, though. She was a nun going to hell for a party. You couldn't make this shit up.

Poor Asia. She'd always been kind of anxious, so this must be hard on her.

"I do. It's kind of you to help someone struggling." He praised her. "Now if you're all ready, please enter the car. We don't want to be late."

An exaggerated clearing of one's throat prompted them all to look at a serious-looking Mizuki in front of the door of her house, who was looking directly at Daigo with a fierce glare. He paused for a moment before addressing the group once again.

"After I have a private conversation with Mizuki-san."

They all got the message and entered the car, with Issei and Ichiban facing the girls. The car was big enough to easily take eight people in the back. It was much larger than a regular limo, and he'd seen a lot passing by Kamurocho back in the day. A lot of yakuza families used to be there.

An awkward silence followed after closing the car's door, with Ichiban stealing glances at his best friend and looking away whenever she turned to look back at him. It was weird– he shouldn't be feeling that way, but he seriously felt Akane was too different to be taking the usual casual manner with her. Even her earlier tone sounded much softer than he was used to.

"The hell is up with you guys? Why are you so quiet?" She suddenly questioned. "Say something stupid already so I can make fun of you."

Ah, never mind. There's the asshat he knew and loved.

"Sorry, but it's kind of nerve-racking, y'know?" Issei responded. "It's just a few weeks ago when I was just a normal guy, and now I'm being invited to hell by demon nobles alongside the big boss of the Yakuza. It's crazy."

"...Fair enough." She nodded. "It wasn't a long time ago when all this stuff only existed in fiction for us."

"Yeah, life can change a lot faster than you could comprehend," Ichiban added. "For better or for worse."

"Definitely for better in our case. Let's be honest, without any of this existing, we'd be doing fuck all. Our lives would've been pretty boring." Akane said. "I'm glad I got involved with the supernatural, all things considered."

"Isn't it kind of dangerous, though?" Issei argued.

"So?" She raised a brow.

"I'm not saying it's bad." He quickly clarified. "I don't know. Doesn't it worry you that you have enemies that want you dead like that Ed guy? I mean, he almost killed me, and I really don't want a repeat of that."

"Obviously it's worrying." She rolled her eyes before smiling. "But it's fine. I just have to get stronger now, don't I? Like, imagine if I become as powerful as say, Majima or something. Then nobody would want to mess with me, or you for that matter. Besides, we have the entire Tojo Clan at our beck and call. We'll be alright."

"That's true." Ichiban agreed.

"It is." Akane insisted. "At the end of the day, we took care of those stray exorcists just fine, and Ichi got the Boosted Gear out of it, so I say let them come. We'll beat the ever-living shit out of anything that comes our way."

He could get behind that notion. Plus, they all could benefit from the experience they'd be getting from defeating whatever tried to kill them. Beating up several punks a day was fine and all, but that could only get you so far.

Just then a loud thump was heard, which prompted the four to look out the window to see Mizuki pinning Daigo on the car door, his back nearly covering the entire view. Akane's smirk instantly dropped, and she was about to rush out to stop whatever was happening before the terrifying, angry scowl on her mother's face froze her.

The rest of the group was too shocked to do anything, and by the time Ichi wanted to act, Mizuki let the chairman go and backed away from him before her pissed expression evaporated. They couldn't hear anything, but whatever Daigo told her calmed her down.

That was when Mizuki went back to the house and the two yakuza entered the car, sitting beside Ichiban and Issei. Once the car started to move, Mine finally spoke up for the first time.

"I told you that's how she'd react." He said bluntly.

"I knew that." Daigo sighed. "I was prepared for it."

"I'm very sorry for what she did." Akane apologized, looking genuinely embarrassed. "She's never been good at handling her emotions."

The sheer irony of that statement felt almost like an insult to them all, and Ichiban barely contained his laughter.

"No, it's fine. I'm used to it." The chairman waved it off. "And I don't blame her, either. Any parent would be worried about their child."

"Enough to do that to you of all people?" She questioned.

"Don't underestimate the lengths a parent will go to for their children." Mine quipped. "There's nothing more absurd than that."

That seemed to have ended the conversation as Akane didn't respond, merely giving the right-hand man a glance for a few seconds before looking away. The rest of the ride was quiet, and Ichiban realized how incredibly nervous Asia was when he saw how hard she was squeezing Akane's hand.

His best friend didn't seem to mind it, trying to soothe her by gently squeezing back until a bright light consumed the car they were in, making them look out the windows to see the scenery completely changed.

At first, it was the nice and peaceful scenery of Kuoh Town, and now it's some kind of mansion in the middle of nowhere. None of them understood what was going on – the younger four anyhow – until Daigo clarified.

"We've teleported directly to the Gremory Estate." He said simply.

"Magic?" Akane asked, making him smile.

"Pure tech." He replied.

Damn. Ichiban thought. Does teleportation tech exist? That's so cool.

Curious. Ddraig hummed in mild fascination. You humans and your unorthodox ways of evolving.

The doors then opened by themselves, and the group left the car as it went to park somewhere close. Quickly after, two people came to welcome them, one of whom Ichiban recognized as Rias, who wore an asymmetrical red dress, a pearl necklace, and red earrings.

Damn, nobody held back today. Ichiban almost felt out of place. He only did his hair and wore a suit.

The man in a suit next to her must be Sirzechs, then. Ichi noticed the similarities between them, bright red hair being the most prominent feature they shared. They both wore polite smiles on their faces, with Rias waving at them.

He is powerful. Ddraig suddenly said as Ichiban eyed Sirzechs. Very powerful. So this is the New Lucifer?

You've never met him? Ichi wondered.

No. My previous partners didn't concern themselves with devils very much. The Dragon of Domination responded. I've heard of him, however, and as strong as he is…

Ddraig trailed off for a moment, making Ichiban blink in confusion.

What is it?

It is nothing. Ddraig snorted. You enjoy this party, partner. I'll be taking a nap, so don't bother me unless something is interesting happening.

Oh, okay. Ichiban paused. Wait, you can sleep? How does that work?

Ddraig didn't respond to that, and Ichi let it go for now. He could get his answers later. Probably, assuming his partner was in the mood to give him any.

"Welcome to my family's estate, Mr. Daigo." Sirzechs greeted. "It's good to see you again, especially on such a joyous occasion."

"Likewise, Sirzechs-san." Daigo smiled back and shook his hand. "We're honored to have been personally invited."

"I'm only repaying the favor." He shook his head, eyeing Akane for a moment. "Please follow me. I'll lead you to the main hall."

And so they did. The group consisting of merely six humans followed the New Lucifer and his sister to the Gremory Estate. This was the first time Ichiban had ever seen a mansion that big, and he was understandably impressed. Issei felt the same if his wide eyes and dropped jaw were anything to go by.

The girls were different, though. Akane didn't show any outward reaction, and Asia looked even more intimidated than before. She did seem to calm down a little bit once Akane whispered something to her and gently patted her head. He couldn't hear what she said since they slowed down their pace a bit, but whatever his best friend said made Asia smile a little.

Once they'd entered the estate, Ichi noted that this place was guarded to hell and back, pun unintended. There were guards everywhere– at every door and every corner there were at least three devils. That was understandable though. You'd want to protect your potential allies as much as possible.

…He had to admit, though. Not all of them were very powerful.

The huge gate leading to the main hall opened, showing a very large… well, hall. There were quite a lot of people inside, many of whom he didn't recognize, but some he knew well enough, like Rias' peerage, Sona and her Queen, plus the Phenex for some reason. Both of them.

His eyes met with Koneko's for a split-second, who wore a sparkly yellow dress, and she smiled at him, prompting him to smile back.

The attendees all stopped whatever they were doing to stare at them, which made Ichiban nervous. He wasn't a fan of the attention they were getting, but most stared at Daigo and Akane, whispering to themselves.

"Everyone, let me introduce you to our guests of honor," Sirzechs spoke. "Mr. Daigo Dojima, the current chairman of the Tojo Clan, and Akane Amamiya, daughter of the legendary Tatsu Amamiya, the Immortal Dragon."

The whispers got more common after the introduction, and Ichiban could even pick up a few.

"Daigo Dojima himself? Here?"

"I didn't know the Immortal Dragon had a daughter."

"I hear she's the sole reason why Gremory won the Rating Game."

"She certainly feels powerful. For a human."

At least they weren't getting any negative attention? Looking down on them for being human notwithstanding. That had to count for something.

"Mr. Daigo, if you don't mind, there are a few things I wish to discuss with you." Sirzechs then said.

"Of course," Daigo said, glancing at Akane. "If you need anything, just call for me and I'll respond. Your mother will have my head otherwise."

"Sure…"

With that, the chairman left with Sirzechs, Mine walking alongside the former as a bodyguard probably. Rias then turned to them with a smile.

"I was worried you wouldn't come when you said you'd 'try'." She said. "Glad I was wrong."

"Again." Akane smirked.

"Again." Rias nodded.

"Maybe you should let Sona think for you at this point since you're always wrong."

Rias only sighed in exasperation, not bothering to argue with her. The atmosphere seemed to shift positively after this as some familiarity entered it. The shift continued as more approached them, like Sona and the rest of Rias' peerage.

Ichiban noticed that out of Sona's, only her Queen was present.

"It would certainly save me a lot of headaches," Sona added playfully. "Alas, my job as a babysitter will continue indefinitely. If only someone was responsible with her time…"

"Okay, we get it, I was dumb and I should've listened to you earlier," Rias whined, though she didn't seem bothered. "I thought you were on my side."

"Whatever could you mean?" Sona's smile gained a hint of smugness. "I've always been on your side."

"You know what I meant."

As the two went back and forth, Ichiban looked behind him as he felt someone pull the hem of his jacket and spotted Koneko.

"I didn't get to say it before." She started before he could question her. "But thanks for helping us."

"Oh, I didn't do much. Your thanks should be directed toward her." He nodded at Akane. "If anything, I'm in the same boat. Kind of."

"No, you helped too." She disagreed. "I liked sparring with you."

"Hey, same." Ichiban beamed, appreciating the indirect compliment. "Most use magic or weapons so it's kinda tough to find someone who knows how to throw a punch."

Koneko nodded, mirroring his smile as they continued the conversation.


– Akane –

I hate heels. They're the only thing I hate more than skirts. They're the bane of my existence. I don't even know why they were invented, and whoever did that should be burning in the deepest parts of hell, alongside the dipshit who invented dark chocolate.

I pause as that thought crosses my mind, and a question pops into my head.

"So I was wondering." I start as Sona and Rias look at me. "We're in hell, right?"

"The commonly used term is 'Underworld', but yes." Sona nods, adjusting her glasses. "Why do you ask?"

"So what happens if someone who is supposed to go to hell dies?" I ask, genuinely curious. "Or like, a devil dies. Is there some kind of a special room or place for those?"

The devil heiresses blink and Rias answers first.

"They go to Super Hell."

I look at her with a confused look.

"What?"

"Super Hell." She repeats. "A place worse than hell."

I take a moment to process what she said before replying.

"You're making that up." I accuse, making her smile mischievously.

"I'd be shocked if you believed her," Sona said. "But no, in that scenario, their souls go to the lifestream to be purified before reincarnating."

That piques my interest.

"Lifestream?" I raise a brow. "What's that?"

"It's akin to a river in a metaphysical sense, connected to every living thing in the universe," Sona explains. "It's where gods, devils, and most supernatural races go when they die."

"And humans?"

"Kind of a special case. It depends on their religious beliefs." Rias answers. "Some go to Heaven, others to Valhalla or Elysium, and so on. If you don't worship anyone, you also go to the lifestream."

"There are some exceptions, though," Sona adds. "I don't know if what I'm about to say is true or not, but I remember hearing about a devil going to heaven when they died."

"How does that even work?" I question. "Wouldn't they just get burned to death from the holy energy?"

"I don't know. It's what I heard." She shrugs.

So if I die, I'm going to be reincarnated again? Is that right?

No. You are an exception.

Really? I didn't expect you to respond to that, to be honest, but can you clarify a bit?

If you die, we will cease to exist.

…Oh. That's kinda frightening. No afterlife for me then? And did you say 'we' as in you too?

Yes. So for both of our sakes, be smart and avoid that fate.

I'm not planning to die any time soon even if I did have an afterlife waiting for me, Game. Relax. You even put that little trait to prevent me from dying. Good to know, though.

I look around the hall, spotting the group I came with in separate places. Daigo and Mine are with Sirzechs and Serafall, Ichi is chatting with Koneko, Issei with Kiba, and Asia is taken care of by Akeno and Tsubaki, who has a knack for soothing her apparently.

Good, she looked like she was about to pass out on the way. I threw the invitation out there but she seemed kind of excited about it at first. Maybe the fact that she's going to the underworld and being surrounded by devils didn't catch up to her at the time. Celestial Presence and the other Charisma perks seemed to have calmed her down significantly, though.

Ichiban and Koneko seem to have gotten fond of each other. I always thought the latter was kind of unapproachable with how apathetic she looks, but there is some camaraderie she shared with Ichi. Cute, more ammo to use against him.

As for the big guys… well, a few things.

Power-wise, I can only see Daigo's stats, and he's around as tough as Akiyama, maybe a few hundred points above my uncle. Not being able to see the stats of the other three means they're all stronger than the leader, which on the surface, might not look good.

But the sheer, commanding presence Daigo had when I first saw him was inexplicable. Something about him just screamed 'authority', just as much as Majima screamed 'dangerous'. Perhaps he's a leader by charisma and wits rather than strength.

As for his right-hand man, 'Mine Yoshitaka'… I don't know, there's something about him I don't like. It feels like he knows way more than he should, and it makes me kind of nervous. He's too sharp, and he knows how to hide it.

Lastly, I guess not seeing Serafall's stats proves that she's more powerful than Grayfia. I remember there was some kind of rivalry between them in the main series, but I'm not sure. The memories of my past life have been getting weaker and weaker recently and that's concerning.

I can still recall the key points in the story, though. Very clearly too, so at least I have that going for me.

"Makes sense," I respond after a moment, glancing at Sona. "You know, you've been staring at me for a bit now. Something on my face?"

"Apologies, I'm just not used to… well, making actual eye contact with you." She says, confusing me for a bit before explaining. "Your usual style obscures your left eye and sometimes makes it hard for me to understand your emotions through facial features."

"Oh, that? Don't get used to it." I snort. "It's a one-time thing."

"Why?" Rias raises a brow. "You look a lot cuter and friendlier like this."

"Not in my hands." I shake my head. "It has a mind of its own."

The two heiresses look at me weirdly.

"What?" Sona utters. "What do you mean?"

"Do you actually think I never tried to get rid of it? It used to obscure my vision– obviously, I wanted it gone." I say. "But everything I did never worked."

You'd think I'm fucking with them here, but I'm being 100% truthful. It's like I'm destined to have the emo look for some fucking reason.

"...I feel like you're messing with us," Rias states, tilting her head and squinting suspiciously.

"I'm not. I'm being serious." I insist. "Temporary solutions like hair gel work, but it doesn't last forever."

"Cutting your hair?" Sona offers.

"It would just grow the next day." I deflect. Not even shaving the fucking thing got rid of it. "Always up to here, around my neck."

The two devils look at each other incredulously, still in disbelief.

"I'm convinced that either my hair is some eldritch entity–" I continue. "Or it's the will of the universe. It's fine though, I learned to live with it."

"I don't know why I'm kinda believing you, but that's a thing apparently," Rias says before changing the subject. "Anyway, would you like a tour around the estate? There are a lot of things I want to show you."

I blink in slight surprise at how excited her tone sounds.

"I don't mind." I shrug before looking at my 'meatshields'. "Oi, you three. Rias wants to take me on a tour. Wanna come with us?"

The rest look interested and nod. Well, Ichi looks interested in the tour– Issei and Asia just want to stick with me. Which is fair. Just like Ichiban, It doesn't take a genius to know that Issei is crushing on me hard, but unlike Ichiban, he doesn't know how to hide it. And Asia's like my own puppy who follows me everywhere.

…I did always want a younger sibling. Mostly to bully them.

"She's trying to impress you," Sona whispers to me as we follow Rias. "She's been anxious about this party and how you'd react, you know."

"That right?"

"You've made a strong impression on her." She confirms. "So bear with her for a while, okay? She can be quite clingy."

"I see."

And a sudden realization dawns on me, making me frown thoughtfully

Now that I think about it, I've unlocked affection for Rias and Sona, but what does that imply? Even before unlocking his affection, Ichi had a crush on me, but can that be said for the devils as well?

…If yes, then I think I'm making a harem without even realizing it. I've only ever hoped to get closer to them for political power and perks, but maybe I can do more. Swinging one way doesn't mean I can't seduce girls– I have perks that even say that exact thing.

I should probably test this out before getting too ahead of myself, though. The Game did say that high affection doesn't necessarily mean romantic or sexual attraction. I'm pretty sure my mother doesn't have feelings for me. Thank god for that.

And if I got a perk that powerful from my mother...

My gaze lingers on Rias as a small smile makes it onto my face.

I wonder if I can get Power of Destruction from her.


As Rias continues to show us around, we exit the mansion and walk around outside. I wasn't necessarily impressed by what I saw, but credit where credit's due, it is a nice place. Anyone can tell that they've been taking care of it very well, from how spotless the place is to how decorated it was.

Personally, I'm not very into Western designs or giant mansions in general. Maybe because I've been raised in an Eastern-style house most of my life, despite traveling around the world and seeing the wonders of Earth. Maybe that's why I'm not that impressed. I've been to a lot of places because I'm spoiled.

Those were the good days.

Still, it was fun. The main hall where the party took place felt kind of stuffy. I don't even like fancy events like this one, and only came out of obligation and curiosity. The pool party before the Rating Game was a lot more fun than this one.

My impressions of the Underworld would be 'underwhelmed' and 'disappointed'. It's just the human world but with a different name. The only thing I noticed is the weather feeling a little hotter. That's it. No roaring flames or tortured souls around.

I shouldn't have been expecting anything that would've blown me away, though. That one is on me. It's fine, though. In hindsight, I don't think it would've been nice if the entire fucking realm is on fire or there are people in a perpetual state of burning to death and coming back to life, only to burn to death again.

Though, with the knowledge that there's something called the "Lifestream", I don't think that's a thing that actually happens. That is actually very interesting to me and I should probably ask my mother about it. I didn't know I was in Final Fantasy.

"And this is the garden." Rias points out. "My mother has been cultivating it for years now, even before I was born."

And I believe it. It was an admittedly beautiful garden with all kinds of flowers, a few I'm pretty sure don't exist on Earth. Some of them are spouting fire for fuck's sake, and that's the first demonic thing I've seen so far.

"Wow, what kind of flowers are those?" Issei asks, pointing at the fiery flowers.

"You get fire powers if you eat those," I say before Rias answers. "Do it. Eat them."

Ichiban finds this especially amusing as he chuckles.

"Don't eat them, Issei," Rias warns seriously.

"Wha– I won't eat them!" He looks at the redhead, slightly offended. "What do you take me for?!"

"An idiot," Ichiban says.

"You almost snapped your own spine with the gravity belt, you dumbfuck." I scoff. "You have no room to talk."

That shut him up immediately as his smirk dropped, his lips thinning.

"Exactly." Issei grinned smugly.

"Do I have to remind you of what happened to your shit friends?" I raise a brow, crossing my arms. "You're still stupider than him. Don't get ahead of yourself."

Our banter seems to amuse everyone else as they giggle at the two boys. They have nothing to blame but themselves– if they weren't so dumb, they wouldn't be easy targets for me to pick on.

"Anyway, those fire flowers are used for medicine," Rias explains. "But on their own, they're pretty poisonous. My mother is a pro at gardening, though, so she can take care of herself."

"Hmm…" My gaze lingers on the flowers before I turn to Ichi, who's been shifting around weirdly for a few seconds, trying to see something. "What are you doing?"

"I think I just saw something over there." He points in the general direction of what he's supposedly seen, over the garden. "I don't know if I'm imagining things or not, but I think it's a camel."

I pause and look at him in confusion, though I notice Rias stiffening from the corner of my eyes.

"Ah, that." She grimaces. "W-well, yes, those are camels, but they're veeeeery dangerous. We shouldn't disturb them."

"They're well trained." Sona quips. "I can take you there if you'd like."

"No, they're not. You're not allowed to–"

"Did you know that the Gremory clan trait is camel taming?" Akeno cuts her off, dropping a random fact out of nowhere that I did a double take. What? "I'm surprised Rias never told you."

"Stop, don't tell them that!"

"...Camel Taming?" Ichiban repeats. "That's it? That's their trait?"

"That's so fucking stupid," I say bluntly. "The Phenex clan have fire, wind, and rapid regeneration. Sona and her family have extreme control over water. Bael and their Power of Destruction. But the Gremory got Camel Taming?"

"Don't make it sound so lame!" The Camel Tamer whines, looking very flustered.

"It is lame." A condescending laugh escapes me. "You're so lucky you still have your destruction power. Fucking Camel Taming!"

Rias refuses to argue, but she looks upset and embarrassed, glaring daggers at Sona who had an unapologetic smirk on her face.

"C-can we see the camels?" Asia, who was quiet nearly the entire time, asks timidly. "I've never seen one before…"

Rias was about to shut that down instantly, but the puppy eyes are effective even on devils. She hesitates for a moment before a long, drawn-out sigh leaves her. I don't know why she's so against showing us random demon camels, but you can never say no to Asia.

"...Fine." She says after a moment. "But just for a bit."

Asia beams brightly as Rias leads us there through the garden surrounded by bushes, her pace slowing down more and more until she just stops. We all pause and turn to look at her, and in response, she points forward, refusing to take another step.

"Go there and you'll see them on your left." She says.

"You're not coming with us?" I raise a brow.

"No."

"Yes, you will," Sona interjects, grabbing her by the arm. "They're your guests and this is your responsibility."

"Hey, stop!" Rias struggles, but she's dragged either way. Sona is decently stronger than her. "S-stop, I don't want to see them!"

I'm watching this in amusement, loving every moment until we arrive. They were behind a magically enhanced fence and looked like regular camels. Kind of. They have three humps instead of two, but other than that, they look normal.

I check one with Observe, eyebrows raised in interest. They're actually kind of tough, around as strong as Rias herself even, physically anyway. Why couldn't she add some to her peerage for the Rating Game against Riser, though? They would've been a big help.

The closest to the fence notices us, and I could almost feel the mischief coming from it as it rushes toward us, more specifically Rias. The redhead, once she notices the giant demonic camel charging at her, screams bloody murder before pushing Sona away and hiding behind me.

"Get it away from me!" She cries out.

Ah, that's why. She's scared of them.

The camel can't get over the fence but tries to intimidate me by unleashing some of its demonic energy. I scoff and respond with my own Aura Release, accidentally freezing the grass underneath and making it flinch. It may be relatively tough, but I can still beat it without much difficulty.

It looks a bit annoyed but backs off anyway. What the hell is its problem? Why did it target Rias specifically?

"You didn't have to go so far…" Sona says, staring at the frozen ground under me.

And I just realize that my little show made everyone back off from me except Rias. I don't have as much mana as the devils here, but due to the countless perks I have, it feels a lot heavier and sharper than theirs. It makes me feel stronger than I am.

"My bad. I'm not good at doing this." I say truthfully, referring to the whole 'using magic for intimidating' thing. "And can you get off me? It's gone now."

Rias realizes how tightly she's been hugging me and immediately lets go, blushing in embarrassment.

"Camel Taming clan trait but she's scared of camels," I mutter loud enough for everyone to hear. "You can't make this shit up even if you tried."

"F-for your information, devils can't be born with two clan traits!" She argues. "Clearly I was good enough to get the better power."

"Right, right." I wave it off. "Where do we go off to now, Camel Tamer?"

Her face gets even redder as she's about to complain, but then Ichiban calls out for the redhead as he points at something in the distance.

"Hey, Rias? Where does this lead to?" He asks, referring to an ancient-looking door inside a small cave. "Looks kinda creepy."

"Ah, that?" Rias quickly approaches him, as do all of us. She's clearly thankful the subject changed. She knows I would've relentlessly teased her if it didn't. "Well, this place was used as a prison in the civil war a few hundred years ago."

"Damn." He responds, pushing the door and prompting it to creak open ever so slightly. "Oh, it's open. I thought for sure it'd be locked."

"My mother uses it as a storage for her garden tools now." She shrugs. "You can go in if you'd like. There isn't a lot more I can show you, to be honest."

And so we enter the prison-turned-garden cave, and lo and behold, nothing is interesting. I don't know why I expected torture devices and shit. Obviously, they're gonna take them away to some other place. Sure, there were a lot of cells, but that was it aside from the garden tools like Rias said there would be, and some trap door in the corner.

I look at said trap door for a moment before looking back at Rias.

"What's in there?"

"That leads to the sewers." She answers. "It was built recently."

"...The sewers or the way leading into it?" I blink, slightly confused and concerned.

"The way leading into it, obviously," Sona answers, looking at me strangely. "Did… you think we didn't have sewer systems built for hundreds of years?"

"Hey, she phrased it weirdly." I point at Rias. "Not my fault."

Sona just sighs at that.

"Do devils even need to shit?" Issei whispers very quietly.

…That is a good question. Can't they just, I don't know, will the waste away?

"Well, that's it really," Rias says, but not before throwing a glare at Issei. Oh, she heard that. "Let's go back to the main hall. We've been out for too long and I don't want to worry about my brother or Mr. Daigo coming after us."

That causes the rest to follow her, as do I, until Ichi taps me on my shoulder with a mischievous grin, making me blink in confusion as everyone else leaves the garden cave place.

"What?"

"Bet you wouldn't go there." He challenges, pointing at the trap door. "Do it, you won't."

"Ichi, that's stupid. Of course, I won't." I scoff. "I don't want to ruin my dress. This is my favorite one."

"Since when did you care about that?" He tilts his head. "Or wait, is that just an excuse?"

"I'm being serious," I respond, crossing my arms. He's getting kinda annoying. What the hell is up with that smirk anyway?

"Fair, fair." He backs off, rolling his eyes. "Honestly, I wouldn't blame you. There are probably lots of roaches down there. Demon roaches even."

The thought and mental image nearly send a shiver down my spine, but I still don't like the implication of that.

"Hey, what's the hold-up?" Rias peeked at us from the door. "You two coming or not?"

"Yeah, sure, give us a few minutes," Ichi asks, putting a hand on my shoulder as I try to walk away. "There's something I gotta tell Akane."

"Well, alright, but hurry up." The redhead says. "Or you're gonna miss out on the cake."

There's a cake?

"Sure." Ichi waves as she leaves us. "...So demon roaches."

"Could you stop that?"

"I mean, you're scared of them, aren't you?" He accuses.

"No, I'm not." I deny it, scowling at his proofless statement. Unbelievable.

"Deathly afraid even." He wiggles his eyebrows. "Remember the time we explored Kamurocho's sewers? When I found that grenade lying around? One little roach poked out and got you screaming like a little girl."

"That never fucking happened." I deny it once more, my face flushing and gaining a slight reddish tint.

"Oh yeah? Prove it, then." His smirk is so infuriating I damn near punch it off. "Go down there."

I was about to do just that before I stop, forcing myself to think clearly. He undoubtedly just wants to get a rise out of me since I always do it to him. He only wants to see me flustered, and the best way to play this game is to not even acknowledge its existence.

"Are you even listening to what you're saying?" I say, keeping my cool.

"Chicken."

"You want me to go in there in the middle of a political party?" I continue calmly.

"B'gawk!"

I nearly lunge at the bastard, but my heart is as tranquil as the surface of a pond, and I take a deep breath through my nose. Nice fucking try, Ichi. You almost got–

Quest added

[I Ain't No Coward!]

Objective: Do Ichiban's challenge

Bonus Objective: Explore at least two hundred meters worth of the sewer system

Rewards: 5 LUK, Slightly increase affection with Ichiban Kasuga

Bonus Rewards: 10 WIS, 10 INT, [Lucky Underground Navigator] Perk

For fuck's sake, Game. Whose side are you on? You even had to make it a Luck increase because I'm that amount of points short of gaining a new perk.

Gaining LUK is not very easy through quests, and I doubt you'd be taking any class that can increase it.

Be thankful I even bothered.

How dare you be logical with me. Let me complain about this damn it.

I don't know how, but I'm able to sense some kind of playful amusement from the Game, making me groan. You're having fun with this too, you dick.

"Fine." I click my tongue, and Ichiban's smirk widens considerably at that. "But if my dress is ruined, you're getting a new one for me."

"Sure!"

"It's custom-made, by the way." I lie, making him hesitate a bit.

"S-sure…"

I stare at the trapdoor for a moment before sighing, taking off my heels, and conjuring up more comfortable footwear with my ice magic. I give Ichiban one last glare before opening the trapdoor and going down the ladder.

Holy shit this place is deep.

"Don't you fucking dare close it." I growl at Ichi.

"I won't, I won't." He puts his hand up. "That'd be too far."

I squint at him suspiciously before continuing down.

The perk better be worth it, Game.


Ugh, this place stinks. It's not as terrible as I expected it to be, but still pretty bad.

"Oooiii!" Ichiban calls out for me. "How is it down there?"

"I don't know, how about you get down here and see for yourself," I respond.

"...So demon roaches?"

"Could you stop bringing that up?!" I shout at him with a scowl. "For fuck's sake, it's bad enough stepping a foot down here."

"Sheesh, relax. I'm just fucking with you."

"Whatever, I'm coming back up." I scoff.

"What? No, you barely even got there." He argues. "That's no fun."

"Not part of the deal, I don't give a shit."

He stays silent for a moment before he exaggerates a sigh.

"Oh well. Can't do much." He says. "I still think you haven't proven yourself, but whatever."

My lips thin as I weigh my options. I'll be honest, while the perk doesn't exactly sound very useful in my day-to-day life, it's still a permanent power. Ten– or twenty for my wisdom and intelligence doesn't sound that good either, but it like the perk, it's permanent…

"Okay, fine, how about this." I calm myself down to think about this utterly and completely rationally. "I'll walk around the sewers for like, ten minutes, then come back."

"Ooooh–"

"But if I do that, then your servitude to me will extend for one more month." I offer, still rational.

"Shiiit that's a tough bargain you drive." He mumbles for a moment before answering. "Fine, you won't stick to it anyway. I'll start a timer in four, three, two…"

I start walking away as soon as he starts the timer, quickening my pace so I can get those meters over and done. I mean, two hundred meters ain't much. I'll just walk in a straight line until I get the quest ping.

Worst case scenario? I run into hostiles because I don't like fighting in a dress. Best case scenario? I run into hostiles because nothing's stopping me from murdering anything here and getting EXP for it. I'm close to level 150, which unlocks the next dungeon for me.

And the levels from that will probably make me strong enough to handle Kokabiel when he shows up. So really, it's a win-win for me either way. I don't care if I run into 'demon roaches' or rats. As long as I can kill it, I'm happy.

Though, I'd prefer rats. Just saying.

…It's eerily quiet here. I mean, yeah, I'm in a sewer, but still. I don't know why, but the silence makes me feel like I'm being watched. It's creeping me the fuck out.

…

"So what if I'm scared of cockroaches?" I mutter to myself, the urge to make a sound becoming too strong. "Have you seen the little shits? They're creepy, gross, and unsanitary. Nothing wrong with avoiding them."

Okay, maybe him insisting about 'demonic roaches' got into my head and it's making me paranoid as fuck.

"Besides, not like there's anything wrong with having fears." I continue, the silence continuing to be unbearable. "Everyone has those. Kaa-san is afraid of dentists, and apparently, she's some legendary assassin."

Then again, she could be faking that too. Though, the last time she went there she looked genuinely fucking terrified. I stifle a snicker as I remember her face. It isn't easy seeing her scared– she'd take nearly everything on the chin and laugh about it later, but not dentists.

I shouldn't laugh about that. It's probably some PTSD or the like she got from her early career.

No, wait, why do I care about that? It was funny. Who gives a shit if it's ethical to laugh or not. Besides, she didn't look very bothered when I did laugh that one time, more of her pouty, 'stop being mean to me' whining.

Quest complete

There it is. Fuck me, took way longer than it had any right to. I should complete the ten-minute mark if I go back now.

As I'm about to turn around, a horrible chill goes down my spine– I feel imminent danger right behind me, prompting me to twirl with a quickly formed ice blade, swinging it widely, but there was nothing there.

I scan my surroundings and calm my pounding heart. I don't know what the hell that was, but fuck the challenge. I have to go back right now.

So instead of a slow-paced walk, I begin my jog back to the ladder, casting ice flesh and preparing for any kind of fight. The feeling of being watched from earlier intensified tenfold– there's definitely something terrifying here planning to kill me.

I don't know if it's strong, but whatever it did, it's not normal. The entire atmosphere just feels off now. Even the bad scent of the sewers has disappeared, and it's not me just getting used to it. All I smell right now is dust and… some kind of floral cologne?

The latter is very faint, but even with how sweet it smells, something was just wrong.

As I continue my jog, which had turned into a sprint by now, I nearly slam into a wall, stopping just in time. My brain freezes for a moment as I process this, looking around as my heart drops into my stomach.

The ladder isn't there. I couldn't have missed it– I walked in a straight fucking line.

"What the hell is going on…?" I mumble, worry gripping my chest tightly. "Where am I…?"

No, calm down. Panicking won't get you anywhere. Relax and assess your situation rationally, and you'll get out of here just fine. I don't know what happened, but I just need to find an exit. That's it.

I take a deep, calming breath and stop shaking, my eyes sharpening in focus as I start walking in the opposite direction, away from the wall as I look for any possible way that could lead to an exit while leaving ice cubes to keep track of where I am.

That's all I have to do to get out of here. Whatever's going on isn't normal– something or someone teleported me or is using some kind of illusions to keep me from leaving for some reason I'm unaware of.

Regardless, if I come across the bastard, I'll cave his head in.


– Ichiban –

As he waited for his friend's return, Ichiban checked the timer. Only five minutes passed, huh? Damn, why does it feel so much longer than that?

He had to admit, though. He didn't expect her to take the bait. He was messing around with her of course and enjoyed her flustered look way more than he thought he would. She thought she could just torment him forever without him returning the favor. Should've thought better than that!

Still, he also had to admit that she was very brave for accepting the challenge. He'd seen it firsthand, and she was unreasonably afraid of roaches to the point of screaming and running. He's seen it once and didn't think much of it at the time since, yeah, different people have different fears and all that.

But now she liked annoying him too much and he decided to bring it up. She looked positively bothered when he did, and also fairly cute. Was this what she saw when she got him mad? That couldn't be, though. Akane was like, way beyond supermodels in terms of looks while he was just your average Joe.

He had started to understand the appeal, though. It was fun to be annoying.

Waiting around and doing nothing was kind of boring, though. He could just leave to mess with her when she climbed back up, but that sounded too mean for him to do. He shouldn't push her around that much or she'd probably get really upset, and the thought of being responsible made him feel kind of terrible.

"What are you doing?" Sona suddenly asked him, waiting at the door.

Ichiban was snapped out of his thoughts, startled as he looked at her in a slight panic.

"Oh, uh, well, you know…" He quickly thought of an excuse. "...Hanging around…?"

She looked at him blankly.

"And Akane?" She crossed her arms.

…

…

…

"Promise you won't be mad."

"For the love of–" Sona rubbed the bridge of her nose in exasperation. "What did you two do now?"

"She may or may not have gone down there." He pointed at the trap door. "...And it may or may not have been because of me challenging her to do so."

Sona did not look one bit amused.

"And you did that why exactly?" She asked.

"Look, I just thought it'd be funny. It's not that serious.." He argued, making her pause. "...It's not that serious, is it?"

"It's not. I wouldn't mind it if this was a casual visit, as strange as it is." Sona confirms with a sigh. "But what possessed her to think that she can explore random sewer systems in the middle of a political party?"

And now Ichiban feels incredibly guilty for egging her on. Shit, he shouldn't have thrown her under the bus like that. It's not right.

"I'll go get her," Ichiban promised, looking very apologetic. "I'm so sorry about this, Sona. We shouldn't have. I didn't mean to make this tough for you."

"It's alright, Kasuga. My sister would likely find it hilarious if anything." She shakes her head, her features softening slightly as she walked up to him. "Just be mindful about this next time, alright?"

"Got it."

"Now let's hurry up and get her." Sona smiled. "We wouldn't want to miss out on the cake now, would we?"

Ichiban smiled back as she quickly climbed down the ladder before him, going after his best friend.

He should prepare himself for a super special method of plastic surgery by Doctor Ice Queen. It'll probably hurt less then.

…And now the image of Akane in a sexy nurse outfit won't leave his mind.

God fucking damn it.


– Akane –

It's been… I don't know, a few hours? I didn't keep track. I still have no idea what's going on, but I'm a lot calmer than I was at first. If anything, I'm just pretty frustrated. The yakuza haven't even tried to help yet, nor have the devils. I don't know what's happening up there, but they're taking their sweet fucking time.

I tried to break through the walls, but I don't know what they were made of to withstand my most powerful spells. Legit not a single scratch was made even after using all of my mana on an overcharged Ice Burst. Not even Angel's Sorrow with a silver bullet did anything to the walls. Can't call anyone with my phone, either. No signal.

That's one thing, of course. The presence that's been watching me is deliberately trying to fuck with my head, but thankfully, Gamer's Mind prevented the bigger attempts, like the whole whispering thing. I keep getting notifications about some 'demonic whispering' getting blocked over and over.

[Demonic Whispering] has been blocked by [Gamer's Mind]

Yeah, like this.

So that's pretty cool, I guess. Pretty sure this is the first time Gamer's Mind has done something like this. Fuck you, 'demonic presence', you'll never get into my head. I have the power of a probably eldritch entity on my side.

The smaller attempts, however, still get to me.

Something tries to sneak up on me and I swing my sword at it, only to see nothing, making me scoff. This shit that tries to attack me from behind every time is pissing me off. It's not like I can ignore it either– something tells me I probably won't like it if I did.

Though, that proves that there is something here. Someone kidnapped me and is trying to play these stupid games with me for one reason or another. I don't know who fucking got it into their head that they can do something like this, but I promise, I'm going to make them suffer for every second I've been here.

I flinch as this promise of violence crossed my head before I scowl. I've been getting more and more irritable the longer this goes on and feels… off. If anything, I should feel terrified as fuck. Whatever is in here is probably way ahead of me in terms of power.

But I'm not scared, I'm just unreasonably frustrated. Is this the work of my trait? This is the first time it worked this way, though. What the hell is going on?

Regardless, I've yet to make any progress, and it's been getting kind of draining. I'm hungry and I didn't put a lot of food in my inventory – even though I should've – I want to sleep since I woke up early, and my throat is parched.

I wish Gamer's Body disregarded those needs, but it is what it is. There are a lot of games where you need to sleep, eat and drink after all.

I shouldn't have fucking come here. I could've been back home, building my funny little robots, but no I had to suck up to those demonic assholes because of 'politics'. Who gives a flying fuck about that shit anyway? All that got me in this stupid situation.

Wait, hold on, what if I-

[I.D Create] cannot be used while enemies are nearby.

Nevermind.

Game, mind lending a hand here before I fucking lose it?

…

It doesn't answer.

I can feel my rage slowly overwhelming my senses, and this time, it's not something I can easily control. Not when so many emotions are swirling around my mind. I can feel myself grinding my teeth together– fists clenching so hard they turn white.

"Fuck…" I mutter, never slowing down my pace. "Damn it!"

That's when I hear something– someone saying, in the quietest of whispers…

"Here."

I look in the direction of where that voice came from. I can't tell who it belonged to. It wasn't feminine nor was it masculine. It's just… a voice.

I take a deep, calming breath through my nose and stop myself from losing it. I don't want to waste energy. I need to keep moving. Getting mad won't get me anywhere. Then I pause, though, as I feel something cold dripping down my nose.

I wipe and frown in confusion at what I see. Why am I having a nosebleed? Doesn't Gamer's Body protect me from this kind of stuff? I don't see anything wrong with my HP, so nothing has damaged me.

Is it the stress getting to me? My hair has some white strands right now, likely my heritage manifesting more. They go back to black when I calm down, but that's an indication of my mental state at the moment, and it's not looking good.

Whatever. I may have a lead now. It could be a trap, but so far, I've been walking for hours without any progress, so I'll risk it and go to where this voice is. It might be someone trying to help me. Maybe this is the Tojo Clan's attempt at sending some help.

"Better than nothing, I guess…" I mutter to myself, walking toward the voice.

…I hope this nightmare ends soon. I hate eerie shit like this.


– Mine Yoshitaka –

He knew coming here was mostly out of courtesy, but god, it still bored him to death. He hated standing there and doing nothing productive for the clan. It was his responsibility as the right-hand man and the first captain to do so, but so was attending this borefest.

His job was simple, and it was to guard the chairman and the kids, primarily the Amamiya girl. The others weren't big priorities. Although, Arakawa showed a strange amount of fondness for the Boosted Gear wielder in their last meeting.

And if he's a potential recruit for the Tojo Clan as he said, then he might be a lot more important than Mine gave him credit for. Not as much as Tatsu's kid, but still pretty high up there.

So of course, they put chips on every one of the kids purely for safety reasons. Microscopic tracking tech that can send signals throughout dimensions and a physical distance of one million kilometers, sticking to their clothes as soon as they sat in the car.

Speaking of the girl, Mine was fairly… well, he didn't quite know enough about her personally to make an opinion yet, but she was sharp and very attentive. When they got in the car together, he'd noticed her glances everywhere, as if she had been calculating everything in her field of vision.

It was impressive that a child so young was very observant, so he was willing to give her points for that. When Majima said she was exactly like her father, Mine had thought he was exaggerating. Tatsu was one of a kind– arguably the most powerful man the Tojo Clan has ever cultivated.

But after seeing her, Mine was inclined to listen. He wouldn't agree just yet, but she had potential. Aside from that, she was so much better at socializing than her father ever was. With the amount of bullshit, his idiocy put everyone around him through, Mine was surprised Mizuki didn't pass away from a heart attack.

Regardless, he was slightly more looking forward to what the man's daughter would end up becoming. Not sharp enough to notice the chips sticking to her dress, but he wouldn't blame her. She was still young and inexperienced.

As the leaders had their talks, Mine quickly checked his watch, gaze sharpening as Akane's tracking chip signal suddenly disappeared before it reappeared just as quickly. What was that? Some kind of glitch?

That couldn't be– this was state-of-the-art technology they had. Glitches like this were nonexistent. Did something happen to her? If yes, why did the chip reappear just as fast as it vanished? Mine's mind raced for an answer before he excused himself.

"Mine?" Daigo looked at him quizzically. "What happened?"

Serafall and Sirzechs were also slightly concerned. No, showing panic right now wasn't a good idea. He needed to relax and come up with a good, yet truthful excuse. Mine took a moment to calm himself before he answered.

"I'd like to check on the kids." He said. "They've been out for a while."

"I see." Daigo nodded, getting the message immediately. "Would that be alright, Sirzechs-san?"

"Of course." Satan Lucifer nodded. "Serafall, would you please go with him?"

"Sure." The Leviathan obeyed.

With that, the two walked away and out of the mansion.

He really hoped this was a glitch in the system of some kind. The peace treaty is right around the corner– he'd rather there would be no complications when they're this close to it.


– Akane –

It's been over a fucking day since I've heard that stupid voice and nothing. More than twenty-four hours of walking and nothing fucking changed. To make matters worse, the fucking asshole says the same thing every time I get angry, getting my hopes up again before disappearing. Every single goddamn time.

I don't know who the fuckwit cunt that's doing this or what he wants, but I'm going to parade his mangled, desecrated corpse across all of Japan as if it's a BALLOON IN A FUCKING FESTIVAL!

Now, with an animalistic scowl on my face, disheveled hair, ruined makeup, tired eyes, a grumbling stomach, and a dry throat, I drag around my ice sword, not even comprehending the noise it makes as it scratches the stony ground.

"Here." the voice calls out again, making me grit my teeth.

"Shut up," I growl, my pace quickening.

Where the hell are they? The yakuza– devils– fucking anyone?! What, am I gonna stay here forever? Walk and walk and walk until I fucking collapse?! All because of this stupid challenge by Ichiban?

This is all his fault. He's the one who's suddenly gotten high and mighty thinking he can get me to react, and I'll make him pay for it. I'm going to gouge out both of his fucking eyes when I see him again. I'm going to beat him to an inch of his life– have him beg me for mercy.

"Here."

"Shut. Up." I slam my fist against the wall by my side, continuing my walk.

I do whatever I can to calm down, but at this point, it's futile. I can't think straight, not when I'm in this shape. The Game doesn't respond no matter how much I beg and plead for it to help, and nobody even tried to send in anyone.

The thought makes me even angrier than I already am. No matter how weak I physically am, I can feel immense magical power bubbling alongside my rage. I'm at my limits. I can't take this anymore.

"Here."

"Haaah…."

My breathing gets increasingly erratic and so does my heartbeat as I flinch, the unbearable migraine making me almost collapse.

"Here."

"Ngggghh…!" I grunt and hold my head in pain then growl deeply. "Stop it…"

I let go of the sword and it dispels itself as I fall to my knees, the voice which I realize is getting louder and keeps saying here' over and over as I put my hands on my head. It's painful– I can't even hear anything anymore, just this irritating word getting louder and louder every time.

"Here."

I try my hardest to ignore it again, knowing the angrier I get, the louder this voice becomes, and so I stand up and continue on my way. I could barely think, but a moment of clarity makes me able to at least do so for a few minutes.

That's when I feel something behind me, prompting me to turn around and unleash one of my strongest spells up to date. This got me to break my concentration as I start hyperventilating, the stupid voice now outright screaming in my ears as loudly as a freight train.

The ringing in my ears was worse than anything I'd ever felt before. Everything sounds muffled. I can hear my heartbeat, and each pound feels like it's about to make my eardrums burst.

I'm slowly losing my grip on consciousness, but I know in my heart that if I let whatever this thing knock me out, I won't wake up ever again. I know what I must do to survive this mental attack, and honestly, I don't care if it's my last option anymore.

So if it wants to make me angry, then I'll show it rage.

Letting go of whatever sense of reason I have left, I give the sin of wrath full control of my decisions, and the results are instant.

My magic explodes– I feel overwhelming power coursing through me. As if all the hunger and weakness I've felt never existed. But I can't enjoy that feeling, not when the voice keeps getting louder and more frequent. Not when this anger in me makes me unable to even think like a regular human being.

"He–"

Before he finishes it, I let out a powerful roar as my magic erupts even more, covering the entire area in blue ice, but even with all of that, my power keeps expanding at a rapid pace, Releasing all of my anger and resentment caught me in the moment, and it wasn't until I noticed that the walls around me finally shattering into tiny little cold particles that my screaming just… stopped.

Stopped so I can process what I did.

I look around– the entire sewer turning into a frozen cavern from the uncontrollable power I unleashed. For a moment, I'm in awe– I didn't know I was close to capable enough to do something like this. I try to look at my stats, but they all decreased back to normal.

As I continue scanning my surroundings, I see something to my right. I spot… some ruins where the light of the sun shines. I rub my eyes and stand up, walking down. Nothing I can recognize– just debris and boulders… and a single sword stabbed into the ground, the glare of the sun directly on it.

I stare at it in confusion for a whole minute, approaching it slowly. I'm not the best at sensing, especially not in my current state, but I can tell that this deceptively regular-looking longsword with a red gem on the guard is unbelievably powerful. Nothing I've seen can compare to it.

It's beautiful. It looks like a normal sword, but something about it draws me to it like it's calling for me. It must be sentient– it wants me to approach it, to pull it out of the stone. It almost feels like it's begging me to do so.

"You…" I mutter softly, feeling a bit out of it. "You were responsible for all of this, weren't you?"

The sword, being a sword, doesn't respond, so I do the next best thing and use Observe on it, drawing a disbelieving chuckle out of me.

[Excelsis, Blade of Vengeance] – Mythical Item

The almighty blade of the Ascended Devil– the ultimate, unmatched artifact, forged by legendary blacksmiths from across all the pantheons using mixed metals from every realm. Poured into it were the hatred and anger of Lucifer, his blood, and the countless souls of its victims used as essence to power it.

The blade seems to be dormant. More accurately, it is waiting for the return of its rightful master.

Deals 0000.1 Damage

Accepted Holder will become more powerful the angrier they are

Siphons lifeforce the longer it is used

Feels like a dream. Some kind of a twisted joke of a dream.

It's so weird, though. I can think so clearly now. Not like before. I don't understand– I should've been terrified, but all I was feeling was rage. This time it felt… like it wasn't me. Almost like something forced me to be angry.

I stare at the sword silently for a few moments.

"Was it you?" I say in an odd trance, crouching to see my reflection on the beautiful, silver blade, and see my snow-white hair slowly darkening back to its original color. "Was it your doing too? Was that the only way to get you out of here?"

Of course, it doesn't respond, but I don't expect it to. Its intentions are clear enough.

I stand back up and look at the sword. I can either go back and walk aimlessly until I starve to death, or risk it and try to pull it out. I'm convinced that all that I went through was made by it. I have to listen to it. It won't let me leave until I take it with me.

With my shaky hands, I tightly wrap them around the grip, taking a deep breath before pulling with all of my might.

The quiet, almost peaceful atmosphere of this place shifts into a dangerous one. Hundreds and hundreds of notifications telling me Gamer's Mind blocked something filled my vision until I minimize the entire UI.

Black lightning crackles around the blade. The golden, glowing light of the sun turns crimson red as blood pours out of the stone it's stabbed in. I see shadows from the corner of my eyes jumping at me. Tendrils of darkness wrap around my neck as horrifying screams and screeches of ungodly-sounding monsters approach.

I feel it. The blade's anger. Its uncontrollable fury and hate it holds for the world– for life itself. The fear and sorrow of millions of souls echo out in my head, Gamer's Mind not capable of blocking all of them. I try to pull even as every atom of my body tells me to let go and run.

But I can't.

Because if I do, I know for certain I'll die.

I pull and pull. Using all of my strength, every single ounce of it, but the blade refuses to budge. The terror begins to overwhelm me and my senses. Tears run down my face as the screams of those monsters get closer, and the dark tendril begins to choke me out.

My mind runs at a million miles a second, doing everything it can to find a solution, and one final idea pops into my mind. The moment I will it, the sword vanishes out of sight, and everything just stops.

The shadows and dark tendrils disintegrate into nothing, the approaching monsters become dead silent, and the rage of the sword evaporates. The only things that remain are the red light from the sun lighting up the room I'm in and the pool of blood from the stone.

I immediately fall, gasping for air as I tremble uncontrollably until I begin to laugh. It worked. The sword, plunged to a rock or not, was still an item, so sending it to the inventory should be plausible.

And it was.

"I–I did it." I half giggle half sob, still quivering. "I did it. I'm still alive."

I almost can't believe it. I've never been this happy to be alive in my life. Not once have I felt this scared. Not once, no matter how close I got to actually dying. It feels so unreal like all this was just a nightmare, but I know for sure if I was late a millisecond more, I would've died.

I don't know if it's the blade itself that responded that way or if it's a third party, but I'm just glad it's over. Whatever defense mechanism that was, it wanted the sword to stay here at all costs. I don't know what kind of consequences this will cause, but at this point, I can't bring myself to give a fuck.

I'm alive. That's all that matters.

I wipe my tears and stand up, taking one more deep breath before looking back at the sewers I was in. We'll see if taking the sword out actually worked. If it didn't… Then I've probably already gone insane.

As I walk back in, I look to my left and right before looking back to the ruins.

Only to see a wall instead, as if whatever that was never existed.

"Oh, there you are!" A familiar voice calls out, making me whip my head at the culprit.

"I-Ichi?" I whisper, seeing him alongside Sona.

"Yeah, that's me." He blinks. "What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost."

All the threats and promises I made in my mind regarding him seemingly vanished. I feel nothing but relief once I see his face. I manage to keep my composure, no matter how tempting the idea to tackle him in a hug is.

He's still in his suit, and he doesn't look worried like I haven't been there a whole day. What the hell is this? Was all of that me hallucinating? No, I still have the sword in my inventory. Some kind of temporal bullshit?

Then again I don't feel weak, tired, or hungry anymore. My dress isn't torn, and my makeup is only slightly ruined. Not one strand of my hair is white either like all of that never happened.

Okay… it's probably some illusion. In the end, there was so much happening that Gamer's Mind couldn't keep up and didn't stop everything. It's not almighty, then. I was probably affected the moment I felt that thing try to attack me at the very beginning.

I shouldn't tell anyone about this. I don't think it'd be wise if I did. I certainly won't hand over a mythical tier item to some randoms.

"T-the whole demon cockroach thing was real, you asshole!" I act, stumbling over my words but quickly regaining my composure. "It scared the fuck out of me!"

"For real!?"

"Perhaps you shouldn't have listened to such childish challenges," Sona added, looking at me in playful disapproval. "You disappoint me, Amamiya-san."

I glare at Sona before I scoff, crossing my arms to hide my trembling.

"How long have I been here anyway?"

"Exactly twelve minutes." He says, bringing up his phone. "So I guess you win this one."

I knew it. It felt like I spent more than a day there, but only minutes passed.

"Yeah, I do." I roll my eyes and walk past him. "Let's just go."

I notice the two looking at each other weirdly before Ichi asks once again.

"...You're sure you're okay?"

"I am, now shut up."

I find the ladder and climb up quickly. Too quickly I almost bump into Mine, who looks down on me with a very stern glare with Serafall behind him looking at me with an amused look. I stare back at him, completely unintimidated after what I've been through.

"...Mind explaining what you're doing there?"

Goddamn it.


– Sona Sitri –

"...Are you certain you're alright?" Sona asked the human girl in concern as she, Akane, and Rias made some distance between them and the rest of the attendees. "Kasuga was right. You look rather pale."

"I'm fine." Akane rubbed her eyes, looking slightly irritable.

"You don't look fine," Rias noted, eating a spoonful of cake.

"I just got yelled at by some hardass Yakuza. Can we not?" She huffed.

"And whose fault is that?" The devil deadpanned.

"Ichiban," Akane said, completely shameless. "It isn't and was never my fault. He did it, not me. I'm innocent."

"It'd do well for you to admit when you're wrong, you know." Sona sighed. "I'd say it's an admirable trait."

"Never."

Sona shook her head in amusement and exasperation. She knew Akane exaggerates her own hype and importance as a joke, and she had to admit, Sona did find it somewhat endearing after some time being exposed to her faux-childishness.

Still, it didn't take a genius to know that there was something definitely bothering the girl. There's a slight quiver in her hands. She's anxious, and for what reason, Sona did not know. It shouldn't be because of who's surrounded with– when she first came along, she was as cool as a cucumber.

Was Captain Mine's scolding that effective? Or did she encounter something in the sewers? Akane did complain about some demonic cockroaches to Ichiban, and those things were certainly creepy. Humans were lucky– their roaches were so tiny in comparison.

Sona resisted a shudder. Ugh, she should stop thinking about such disgusting things.

Still, Sona was worried about her a little but didn't want to press the girl about it. They've gotten close, yes, but not close enough for her to pry further. The devil should've kept a closer eye on them from the beginning. She could've prevented this from happening.

She didn't know why they'd even do such a thing, but Sona chuckled when she realized that Rias wasn't the only person she was babysitting after all.

"What's so funny?" Akane frowned as Rias tilted her head in curiosity.

"Nothing." Sona waved it off.

That was when someone unexpected approached them. A shorter blond girl with her hair styled in twin tails walked up to them in slight nervousness. Akane's sharp eyes landed on the poor Ravel, who flinched under her gaze but remained composed.

"Um, hello." She started meekly, which was highly unusual of her. "I hope I'm not intruding on you."

"What do you want?" Akane questioned somewhat harshly.

"I-I just wanted to personally congratulate Ms. Gremory on her win." Ravel stammered. Did Akane intimidate her this much? This was unlike the confident Ravel. Perhaps she still felt embarrassed about what Riser did. "And I mean that sincerely! You clearly put in a lot of effort and certainly deserved the victory."

"Oh." Rias blinked in slight surprise. "Thank you? I'll be honest, it still feels kind of surreal to me. I really thought I was gonna lose to you."

"No way, you were spectacular!" Ravel praised, getting a bit more comfortable. "I was in shock when I saw how you and your peerage improved. Your Rook and Knight were not that powerful the last time we met. How did you grow this much?"

"Plain training." Akane intervened.

"Truly?" Ravel looked stunned. "Could it be as simple as that?"

"You'd be surprised." The human girl snorted.

"I know it sounds unbelievable, but she's saying the truth," Sona added. "Even I was shocked at the results. Granted, there were other factors that helped, but for the most part, it's all hard work."

She knew revealing the gravity tech might not be appreciated by her human friends, so she stayed quiet. Unless a superior wanted a detailed report on what exactly happened back there, she'd keep it to herself.

It was a sign of trust.

"Oh yeah, we also had those neat grav–"

Sona reacted quickly and put her hand over Rias' mouth, shutting her up, and prompting Ravel to raise a brow.

"She's saying that she couldn't have done it without Akane's valuable assistance," Sona said, giving the redhead a quick glare. Rias quickly understood her meaning. "She certainly put Rias' body to the test."

"Don't make it sound so weird." Akane glared as Rias snickered childishly.

"Whatever could you possibly mean?" Sona smirked. "You did quite the number on her, didn't you?"

"Oi." The human girl said warningly.

"I felt pretty… relaxed, afterward," Rias added, a faint but noticeable blush on her face. "So it wasn't all bad~"

"You won't be so relaxed once this party is finished."

"Oh my~!" Rias giggled at her threat.

This only made Akane scowl in annoyance as she didn't bother to verbally continue. There it is, the expert in her own game. When cornered, don't play, is it? Either that or physical violence, which is also her forte, but she's not going to be doing that here.

"I see," Ravel said after a moment, clearly looking a bit suspicious at what Rias almost said, but also oblivious to the teasing on display. "I suppose I can give training a chance. Can you tell me what method you applied in yours?"

"Method?" Akane dropped her scowl and raised a brow. "Just push your body to its limits, physically or magically. Rest, then rinse and repeat."

"That's it?"

"What exactly did you expect?" The human girl rolled her eyes. "I don't know how you devils even function as a society when you don't know how simple training works. The more you strain yourself, the stronger you become."

"Devils grow more powerful as they age, so training is usually reserved for toddlers, some reincarnated devils, soldiers, and those who are high on the Rating Game leaderboard." Sona clarified. "Quite a lot of devil nobles think it's worthless, and instead invest their time in business or politics."

She very obviously wanted to mock said devils, but Akane held her tongue. She would've verbally torn them a new one if they were in the human world though. Sona was very thankful for her friend's self-control.

"Perhaps I should convince my brother to join me, along with his peerage," Ravel said, then sighed. "They definitely need this more than any of us if Riser wants to get into the big leagues."

"Heh, good luck," Rias smirked. "Honestly, if Riser actually took this Rating Game seriously, I might've not stood a chance."

"Well, losing to you ought to have ignited the spirit within him." Sona quipped.

"Or broken it completely." Akane scoffed, glancing at Riser in the distance, who glared at them from his seat. He immediately looked away once they met his gaze. "Can't even look at you properly. You've done really well in teaching him a lesson, Rias. Good job."

Rias looked genuinely touched by the praise as her eyes brightened, beaming at the human girl as her cheeks reddened a tad.

"Thanks! As I said, I really couldn't have done it without you."

Sona paused and made a mental note of Rias' rather exaggerated response, but did not mention it. Rias always liked being praised even as a child, but this kind of reaction was… unlike her.

Ravel looked a bit bothered by how they seemingly looked down on him but did not comment. The girl very obviously loved her brother, but she knew damn well what kind of a slimy bastard Riser was, so she couldn't defend him without being unreasonable.

Plus, trying to start an argument with Rias wouldn't end well for the girl, especially when Akane backed the redhead up. She would not survive being torn apart by the two, and she knew that very well.

"Well, it has been nice talking to you, ladies." Ravel bowed, then glanced at Akane. "I will try to implement your kind of training into my daily routine."

"Good for you," Akane responded half-heartedly, making Sona pause.

She's calmer now, but there's still something bothering her.

"And once I feel like I'm ready–" She whipped her head at Rias and smirked haughtily. "I hope you'll accept our challenge again."

"Now the daughter wants to marry me?" Rias joked. "Am I really that irresistible?"

"Hopefully you won't break down crying this time," Akane said bluntly, nearly making Sona spit out her drink.

What a low blow.

"Shut up!" Rias scowled, looking a bit offended.

"It's just for fun." Ravel clarified with a giggle, amused at their banter. "Hopefully you'll come around in forgiving Riser–"

"No." Rias deadpanned.

"I thought as much." The blond sighed. "Well, thank you for the invite. I hope we meet on good terms again."

With that, Ravel walked away, leaving the three alone once again.

"She's so sweet," Rias said once she was out of earshot, smiling pleasantly. "If Riser was more like her, I might've actually considered the marriage."

"She's too nice I feel like." Akane criticized. "Like, she's willing to bend over at a moment's notice."

"I won't deny it, but do keep this in mind," Sona added. "Ravel is actually one of the smartest of our generation. I'd say she's one of the brightest strategists in our current society."

"Oh?" The human girl looked interested. "Better than you?"

"Yes," Sona answered. "Fortunately, Riser seldom listens to her."

"Of course, he doesn't." Both Rias and Akane said at the same time.

"Though, I suppose her being far more experienced might've played a part in her being better than I." The Sitri Heiress said. "I've never been in a Rating Game match before."

"Really?" Akane tilted her head. "You know so much about them, though."

"I've read about them a lot since they're an integral part of our culture." She shrugged. "I've never been interested in them, however."

"I dunno, if I'm being honest, they look kind of fun." The Yakuza Princess admitted. "And it's not like you're losing anything over them unless you're stupid. Like Rias."

"Okay, that one was uncalled for. It wasn't even my fault!"

"Hmm, still not my thing," Sona responded casually, ignoring the redhead's indignant's response. "I acknowledge that I'll have to enter tournaments and whatnot to earn political power, but I don't have the passion for it like say, Ravel."

Akane only hummed but didn't continue the discussion, seemingly content with Sona's reasoning.

That was when someone else approached them, this time much more important than Ravel. Both Rias and Sona bowed in respect at Sirzechs and Serafall as Akane froze up for whatever reason before her muscles quickly relaxed.

She must've sensed their powers since they were so up close. At the very least, her trembling stopped a few minutes ago.

"Ms. Akane Amamiya." Sirzechs started. "I haven't shown my gratitude yet, and I would like to personally thank you from the bottom of my heart for assisting my sister to win the Rating Game."

"Uh, no, it's fine." Akane stammered but quickly regained her composure. "I just thought I'd do my part in trying to mend the relationship."

"And you've done a magnificent job. Truly." The Satan Lucifer praised. "Seeing Rias this cheerful once again… I'm thankful beyond words."

Rias blushed in embarrassment, almost making Sona smirk. Look who has a doting brother–

"And I hear you dragged So-tan into it, didn't you~?" Sera quipped, grinning at her. "'Bout time she got off her butt and exercised for once. I hope she didn't make too much trouble for you~"

Sona nearly flinched and her face turned red, freezing in terror once she caught a glance of Akane's smug look. The Sitri Heiress looked at her with a pleading expression, silently begging her to not make them look like total morons in front of their siblings. Even Rias caught on, looking as pale as her childhood friend.

The amount of ammo she has against them, and the golden opportunity to fire all of it in front of Sirzechs and Serafall… They would not recover from it. Their older siblings will hold it against them forever, never letting them live it down.

As Akane opened her mouth to respond, the two heiresses braced themselves.

"No, they've been fantastic with me the whole time," Akane said.

Sona and Rias looked at her in shock.

"Really?" Sera tilted her head.

"There were some bumps on the road, I'll admit, but overall, they've been exemplary." Akane praised. "I wouldn't mind them dropping in Kuoh any time they'd like. I've enjoyed their company very much."

The two leaders looked somewhat surprised, which may or may not have made the two younger sisters look quite annoyed, but then they smiled.

"That is good to know. I'm glad to know that you've been getting along." Sirzechs said. "And I hope you'll continue being good friends from now on. The fate of our factions may depend on you three."

No pressure. Sona thought to herself.

"Hey, hey, don't pressure them so much." Serafall casually elbowed his side with a pout, having the same thought. "They're kids. Let them have their fun."

Thank you, Sera.

"My apologies." Sirzechs chuckled. "I'll stop bothering you now. Enjoy the party."

The two leaders left them, and as Rias and Sona released their breaths, Akane smirked widely.

"You owe me so much." She chuckled menacingly.

…This look made Sona almost wish she just spilled out everything about them.

"Can I pay it back with cake instead?" Rias questioned naively and honestly kind of adorably as she pointed at the huge tower of cake on the main table.

"Not a fan of cheesecake." Akane declined.

"Wow, imagine having a taste that bad." Rias fired, and Sona agreed silently. "Couldn't be me."

"Mr. Sirzechs!" Akane quickly ran after the Satan Lucifer, making Rias follow her in pure terror. "I have one comment about Rias!"

"Stop, I'm joking!"

Sona chuckled to herself as she saw the scene unfold before her eyes, feeling like a gigantic weight lifted off her shoulder.

Coming to the human realm was such a wonderful decision.


– Akane –

I close the door of my home behind me, thanking my lucky stars when I see my mother passed out on the couch. She copes with everything by drinking. She can't let herself be anxious for five minutes without filling her system with alcohol.

But that's good enough for me. I don't want to deal with her brand of bullshit right now.

Once I lead Asia to her room and wish her good night, I go to the dungeons and run off to some nearby park. I use every defensive spell I know and prepare myself to send whatever I'm about to pull out back to the space of my inventory.

As soon as I take out the sword, I jump back and look around, but nothing happens. No noises, no dark tendrils wanting to choke me out, nothing. I let myself sigh in relief before slowly approaching the sword.

The power is still there, but… I don't feel the anger or hatred from it anymore. Did taking it out calm it down somehow? I need to know what it does– how I can use it. I can't just let it rot in my inventory.

It says it deals less than one damage, but it's a mythical weapon for a reason. There must be some special power it can do.

I work up the courage and try to touch the grip, flinching and crying out as I feel it burn the tip of my index finger. I hiss in pain and look at it cautiously.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you." Someone suddenly says, startling me and prompting me to look at whoever said it. "Excelsis isn't a fan of strangers. He's quite the introvert."

It's a tall, handsome man with silver hair and golden eyes. Soft facial features make me think mid-twenties or so, and he holds himself very elegantly. He wears red medieval formal wear that looks fairly outdated, yet professional and neat.

The man looks very disarming. I can't sense any malicious intent from him.

Yet, at the same time, he feels like the most dangerous person I've met by a landslide.

"Who are you?" I say, still alarmed as I create dozens of ice blades floating around me. "How did you get here?"

He chuckles.

"I'm bound to that blade." He answers as I use Observe on him. "And you, my dear–"

What I saw made me freeze.

Name: Lucifer

Title: The Demon King

HP - N/A

MP - ???

SP - N/A

Race - Devil God

LVL - ???

STR - N/A

END - N/A

DEX - N/A

INT - ???

WIS - ???

CHA - ???

LUK - ???

Thoughts about you – Fairly unsure how you did it, but grateful for freeing him. Incredibly fascinated by your extraordinary existence and would like to know more about you

Reputation - 20

Affection - 0

Obedience - -100

Loyalty - 0

"–are the one who freed me."
I had a lot of difficulties making the transition to the sewer scene smooth ngl, so I hope you'll forgive me if it felt a bit forced.

Other than that, this chapter was one of my most anticipated chapters. The biggest turning point in the story. That much I'll say.

I gave you a 20k-word chapter. Put the reviews in the bag.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, Steele/Mili and 288 others
Mirlnir
Apr 23, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24.5: Broken Prophecy
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Apr 27, 2023
Add bookmark
#452
– Ichiban –

Closing his apartment door, Ichiban sighed deeply, feeling especially terrible for what he did. Getting scolded by Mine wasn't very nice, and while it was Akane who went out exploring when she shouldn't have, Ichi was the one who pressured her to do it.

He did find it weird that she had relented so quickly, though, but he had probably pushed her buttons, even if unknowingly. In hindsight, it should've been obvious. She's always been so cocky and prideful, so of course something like that is going to bother her.

So Ichiban might've gotten a weapon out of this, and he was sure as hell going to be using it a lot. Probably. Unless she adapted and became significantly worse, which is probably what was going to happen. If so, he was only going to bring it up occasionally.

Ichiban paused and frowned thoughtfully as he changed into something more comfortable. How do you beat her in her own game? Was it even possible? He knew not playing in the first place gets him out of a lot of teasing, but how do you successfully tease someone so shameless and arrogant without being a complete asshole?

He shook the thought out of his head before plumping himself on his futon and checking his phone a second later. It was pretty late, 11 PM to be exact, and he had school to worry about tomorrow. The party was pretty fun, though.

It had been an experience, to say the least. He had never attended something so formal before, certainly not with so many important people. He thought the atmosphere would be more… well, suffocating, to say the least.

But no, it was the opposite. The vibe was strangely warm, but that was probably because of his friends. Sona, Rias, and the latter's peerage made the party a lot more bearable than he expected. Plus, it was always fun to talk about MMA with someone, and Koneko filled that role when Akane didn't.

Ichiban pursed his lips and frowned in thought.

Speaking of, his best friend felt kind of odd when he saw her in the sewers. Aside from how utterly pale she looked, something about her seemed off. She had been shaking and sweating like crazy. Even her breathing was kind of erratic.

She'd tried to hide it, and Ichiban quickly caught the lie about the demon roaches but didn't pressure her about it. Akane looked like she needed some space, and he obliged. Even after she calmed down, she was pretty out of it.

It worried him. What did she see in there? And why didn't she signal for him or anyone to help? Ichiban didn't know what was up with her. He should probably ask her when he saw her next.

What do you think, Ddraig?

Hm? About what?

About Akane.

Your friend? I think she'd be a better partner for me than you.

"The fuck?" Ichiban scowled. "You barely even know her!"

And I've grown to like her more. He snorted. I do not know if she's that charming or if you're that much of a failure

"You know what? Fuck you and fuck your stupid gauntlet." Ichiban said out loud, feeling a bit upset. "I don't need some lizard's help to be stronger. I can do that by myself."

Ddraig only chuckled at that surprisingly.

I am joking, partner. He said lazily, not one bit offended. I doubt I'd get along with her.

"Oh." His scowl dropped, however, Ichiban was quite intrigued by that. "How do you figure?"

I've had partners with a temper before. Ddraig revealed. They're quite… difficult to work with, if effective at handling Albion's fools.

Right. There was that rival thing with the White Dragon Emperor. Ichiban was kind of interested in the prospect of having some eternal rival but wasn't so much when he heard the 'battle to the death' part of it.

He really hoped he never came across the Divine Dividing wielder any time soon. Not out of fear of his own life – Ichiban was always ready to die anyway – but fighting to the death over some other dude's grudge sounded so stupid.

So wait, you never noticed anything off about her?

The girl? No, I was asleep the whole time.

Oh yeah, you can do that. Ichiban sighed, rubbing his neck. I'm still not sure how that works.

Well… he could always ask her? Maybe over some food or something. He was starving, and it wasn't like she had eaten anything other than the cake – which was absolutely delicious by the way – so she was probably hungry too.

Ichiban sat up, grimacing as he checked his wallet. He spent nearly all of his money on the suit, so he barely has anything anymore. A thousand Yen wasn't going to get him anything substantial, maybe a few items from the convenience store.

Though there was that cheap ramen place near her home, and it didn't close until 12 AM, so if he moved now he might be able to make it in time. Should he waste all his money on a beef bowl though, or save? He got his allowance tomorrow…

After a long pause, Ichiban dialed his best friend's number and waited for her to answer, but she didn't, making him click his tongue. Did she go to sleep? She did look tired, so probably. He wouldn't want to bother her if so.

Ichiban groaned and laid back down. It was getting pretty late anyway and he had school tomorrow, so he shouldn't go out at this hour.

…He really hoped Akane was okay. That haunted look on her face wasn't something easily forgotten.

As he laid on his side and closed his eyes, someone knocked on his door, prompting him to blink in confusion. He couldn't sense who it was very well, which made him on guard. Slowly, Ichiban stood up and walked toward the door, preparing himself for anything.

He didn't expect the person behind the door to be his soon-to-be patriarch.

"Came at a bad time, did I?" Masumi Arakawa smiled warmly at him.

For a time, he was frozen in shock. Ichiban stammered, not expecting to see his boss any time soon, before bowing deeply.

"Good to see you again, sir!" Ichiban said enthusiastically.

"Relax. You don't want to wake up the neighbors." The boss chuckled.

"Oh, yeah, my bad." Ichi apologized sheepishly. "But what are you doing here? I thought you were busy with other stuff in Kamurocho."

"I had some free time and thought I'd visit." He answered. "Mind if I come in?"

"Of course not." Ichiban opened the door fully and invited his boss in. "Please, make yourself at home."

Seeing his boss at this hour was certainly a surprise, but a welcome one for sure. Oh, Ichiban had so many things he wanted to talk about.


– Azazel –

"Any word on Kokabiel?" Azazel asked.

"I'm afraid not." Shemhazai shook his head, looking grim. "He's completely off the grid somehow."

"And I've found nothing incriminating in his office or quarters," Baraqiel added. "He's being very careful."

Azazel leaned on his chair and rubbed the bridge of his nose with a deep sigh. This was very worrying– A cadre going rogue was the last thing they needed. His ordering an assault on yakuza territory behind his back certainly induced a lot of headaches.

It was very odd, though. Yes, Kokabiel wasn't always the most stable of individuals, but he also wasn't dumb enough to pull something like this out of the blue. What had driven him to do it? There had always been tension between them, but to go balls-out like that?

His secret ops weren't enough to give him this much confidence. Were those allies of his that powerful? They had incredibly impressive technology, but that couldn't be it, could it? Regardless, he was off of their radar and it was getting increasingly concerning.

Azazel had to find him soon before he brought them catastrophe, but how could he do that? When Kokabiel had tech that completely hid his energy signature, they'd need a Senjutsu user, and fast.

Azazel chewed on his thumb as he thought deeply about this. But where can he find one of those? None of his Fallen Angels were capable of using Senjutsu, so he couldn't help himself there.

Even if he did have one, he wasn't completely confident that they would be able to find him. If there was tech good enough to completely mask a cadre's power, then he couldn't completely rule out it blocking the senses of even a senjutsu user, as unlikely as that is. Whoever had made said tech was probably smart enough to take that into account.

Was there nothing he can do to find that moron before he started a war? Denouncing him wouldn't help until he actually did something about it, but he couldn't do that because he couldn't even find Kokabiel.

What a pain in the ass.

The door of his office then swung open as his surrogate son walked in, stopping his train of thought.

"Oi, Azazel," Vali said, casually approaching him. "I'm going to Japan."

"What?" Azazel blinked. "Why?"

"My rival showed himself there apparently." He answered. "I'm gonna challenge him."

"No." He deadpanned, making Vali click his tongue.

"Why not?"

"Because I already have someone trying to start a war, and I don't need you doing the same." The governor replied.

"I'm not gonna start a war–"

"You are affiliated with the Grigori, and the Red Dragon Emperor is affiliated with the Tojo Clan." Shemhazai cut him off. "Attacking him unprovoked will start a war."

"I'm not gonna attack him 'unprovoked'." Vali rolled his eyes. "I'll challenge him to a duel and–"

"Kill him?" Baraqiel raised a brow. "That will also start a war."

"So what, I'm not allowed to fulfill my destiny?" Vali scoffed. "The Dragon Emperors are fated to fight eternally. I'll only be doing what any other White Dragon Emperor would do."

"Vali, I don't want to argue with you right now." Azazel groaned, getting mildly annoyed. "Leave."

Vali narrowed his eyes and clicked his tongue in frustration before walking out of the office.

"Vali." Azazel called out, stopping him. "Do not go behind my back."

"...Whatever."

Vali left, not even bothering to close the door behind him, prompting Azazel to groan tiredly.

Teenagers are a pain in the ass.


– Ichiban –

"How's life been treating you?" Arakawa asked as the two sat around the table opposite each other, a hot cup of tea in the older man's hand. "Adjusting well?"

"It's been nice so far, so I can't really complain," Ichiban answered.

"School giving you a hard time?"

"Eh, kind of. I mean, the entrance exam was one thing, but keeping up with the studies?" He replied honestly, scratching his cheek nervously. "Now I'm really regretting skipping most of middle school."

Arakawa chuckled quietly.

"You'll get the hang of it soon enough, as long as you take it seriously." His boss said, sipping tea from his cup. "Make sure you get a good grade, alright?"

"Yes sir." Ichi nodded seriously. "I'll do my best to be at the top of my class."

That, of course, was a lot easier said than done, because Akane was in his class, and she always got perfect marks without even trying. It was as impressive as it was unfair. How did she do that anyway? She clearly doesn't give a crap about studying.

"Relax, it's not that serious. As long as you pass, I'm satisfied." He waved it off. "Did you make any friends?"

"Oh yeah, you wouldn't believe who I saw there." Ichiban's face lit up. "Remember the girl I told you about some time ago? Akane Amamiya?"

"Oh?"

"Yup, she's attending Kuoh Academy too. We're even in the same class!" He revealed. "I almost couldn't believe it. What even are the odds of that happening?"

Arakawa remained oddly quiet, putting his cup on the table as Ichi continued talking.

"Though, she's changed a lot since then. She's nearly unrecognizable." He stated, crossing his arms. "But aside from her, I only made a few friends. Anyway, what about you? I don't see the Captain with you."

"Sawashiro is taking care of business in Kamurocho in my place," Arakawa replied after a moment before smiling. "What, glad he isn't here?"

"He'd kick my ass if he was here." Ichiban deadpanned. "So yeah, kind of."

"Hehe, fair, but you don't have to worry about that anymore." His boss waved it off. "Certainly not with the Boosted Gear in hand."

Ichiban paused and blinked in surprise.

"You know about that?"

"Of course I do," Arakawa said. "You made waves in the Tojo Clan, you know."

"What do you mean?"

"Errand boy of the Arakawa Family turns out to be the Red Dragon Emperor." He clarified with a chuckle. "I got a lot of jealous looks in my recent meeting, you know."

"Oh, uh, sorry?"

"Don't apologize for it, Ichi. I had a good laugh." Arakawa chuckled. "Be sure to train well, though. You've been blessed with great power, but that power–"

"–will always go to waste if you don't have the discipline to temper it." Ichiban finished the sentence. "I promise I'll hone it and become the best Red Dragon Emperor in history."

Oh? How interesting. Ddraig quipped in his head. I'll look forward to seeing you fulfill that promise, partner.

"Quite ambitious, Ichi."

"Well, I gotta be," Ichiban responded, feeling slightly sheepish. That was an ambitious promise for sure. "If I want to be worthy enough to join your family I mean."

For some reason, that made Arakawa's smile turn melancholic. Ichiban was about to ask what's wrong before his boss beat him to it.

"Say, Ichi." He started. "There's something I have to tell you."

"Boss?"

"I haven't always been truthful to you," Arakawa said. "I'm sorry."

Ichiban's heart skipped a beat as heard his boss apologize, getting very nervous.

"What do you mean?"

His boss paused for a moment before he continued.

"The reason I sent you here wasn't that I wanted you to experience a civilian life." He explained. "The Chairman wanted someone to keep a close eye on your friend and protect her. I… volunteered."

Ichiban waited for him to finish.

"When you told me that Akane was a friend of yours, I knew you were perfect for the job. You didn't know much about devils to recognize the heiresses in the academy, and you blended in with the other students well." He continued. "You were an ideal undercover agent, and I just couldn't ignore it."

Arakawa bowed his head, prompting the boy to flinch in genuine shock.

"I'm very sorry for not telling you, Ichi." He apologized again. "It's me who isn't worthy of your loyalty."

"Woah, woah, please raise your head, boss!" Ichi panicked, standing up. "This really isn't worth apologizing for. If anything, this makes me kind of happy."

His boss raised his head, looking at Ichiban with a confused look.

"But I lied to you."

Well, in hindsight, it was kind of obvious. He was fairly suspicious for a while anyway– it didn't make sense to him that his boss would send him to a place where devils pretty much ruled. While the Arakawa Family itself wasn't big, its patriarch was pretty up there.

He must've known about Akane, the daughter of Tatsu Amamiya, and he must've known that she was going to be attending the school. It'd be unrealistic for him to just not know about this. It was also pretty weird to send him to a relatively prestigious school.

Him, a former street rat with no talent. If anything, throwing him in a regular school would have been more cost-efficient. He'd have fewer chances of flunking his grades after all. More than that, The prick Sawashiro didn't bother to try and convince the boss that expecting something from Ichiban would only lead to disappointment, so he probably knew about this too.

Internally, Ichiban was filled with relief. He didn't know what he expected, but certainly not something as small as this.

"Are you kidding? I've been waiting for a moment like this for ages!" Ichiban said with a grin. "This is like, the first time I've ever been useful to you. Actually useful."

His boss didn't know how to respond to that.

"I might've not known what I was getting myself into, but even if I did, I would've jumped at the opportunity." He continued. "You saved my life, and I know you didn't do it because of what I have, otherwise you would've instantly accepted me into your family, but you didn't. Hell, you tried to push me away. You wanted to protect me, regardless of your obligations as a patriarch."

"Ichi…"

"The point is, I owe you everything, and I made an oath to serve you until my dying breath." Ichiban shook his head. "It doesn't matter if you lied or not. At the end of the day, I've decided to dedicate my whole life to you and the family, so if there's any way I can be useful to you, please don't hesitate for my sake.

"And hey, if it wasn't for you, I would've never met my best friend again," Ichi said, feeling a bit flustered as he thought about her. "So you know, it isn't all that bad."

Arakawa stared at him right in the eyes for a moment before he chuckled as a grateful, soft smile appearing on his face.

"I should've known you'd say something like this." He muttered. "Thank you, Ichiban."

"Don't mention it." Ichiban waved it off. "I hope I get to join your family soon, though. Officially I mean."

"Soon, Ichi," Arakawa said ominously before getting up. "Well, it's about time I head off. Don't stay up too late now. Wouldn't want to be late for school."

"Yessir."

"And here." His boss slapped a fat stack of cash on the table. "Your allowance for the month. Don't use it in one place."

"Thanks, sir!"

Ichi stood up and walked his boss to the door. Once his boss donned his coat and hat, he went out the door, patting the boy on the head before moving.

"Sleep well, Ichi."

With that, Arakawa left Ichiban alone and in a much better mood than before. He'd probably go back to Kamurocho, so it's somewhat of a bummer Ichiban couldn't introduce his boss to Akane.

Maybe next time.


– ??? –

Walking through the ruined world, a sigh escaped him as he spotted hundreds of thousands of corpses– the city painted crimson with the blood of devils, angels, humans, gods, and every other race he knew of. The faction leaders all lay there, their bodies mangled and desecrated, almost becoming unrecognizable.

Cold sweat rolled down his cheek as he met his own lifeless eyes– his corpse sliced in half as his organs spilled out in a pool of his own blood. It never got easy no matter how many times he looked at it, and he'd been doing this for a very long time.

So nothing had changed, then? No matter what he did, he'd always see the same vision that plagued him for millennia. The extinction of all, caused by the Beast of Apocalypse. Every life was extinguished by its battle against the Great Dragon of Dreams.

After the Great War between the biblical factions and the death of the Devil God, this future was all he could see, and for so long, he had tried to do everything in his power to prevent this fate, yet nothing worked. Diplomacy and peace with other factions didn't change the outcome, nor did training his already tremendous power.

It was all for naught. The vision did not change a bit. He almost cursed Yahweh for giving him this gift.

The sight of his dead allies and friends prompted him to frown sorrowfully. Was there truly nothing they could do to stop this? Was there no champion capable of stopping these beasts from wrecking their world?

No life would remain, not a single creature. The battle between these two forces of nature would continue for an eternity until there was nothing left to stand on. Nothing could get in their way. No god or mortal would be able to stop them.

But he mustn't lose hope. Fate can be broken, and he would keep trying to prevent this outcome until his dying breath.

As he continued walking, he paused once he realized something. Strangely, he didn't see the two beasts anywhere nearby. In every vision, he'd witness their battle raging on, but this time, it was nothing but deafening silence.

There were no earth-shattering roars, no engulfing flames that could wipe out entire realms, and no world-bending magic that tore the fabric of space asunder. There was nothing. Only the aftermath– the lifeless corpses and whatever remained of their world.

He shook his head with a sigh. A small change like this wouldn't matter– he was still greeted by the depressing sight of death and destruction. He'd seen enough, he had to return to his duties soon.

As he was about to end this clairvoyance session, something froze him in place. A quiet, melodic humming of what sounded like a girl. It sounded pleasant, so much so that if not for his shock, he would've taken his time enjoying it. He focused deeply, looking around for this voice, and as the scenery changed, he saw it.

Atop the bodies of the two mighty beasts of the apocalypse was a girl, garbed in a large black cloak. She had her back to him so he couldn't quite see her face, but her short hair was white as snow, and from her stature, she seemed very young, perhaps in her early teen.

He didn't know what this was– what caused this change. He'd never seen this child before, but whatever it was, it unnerved him to no end. Her energy signature felt… off, like she did not belong in their world, but more than that…

He swallowed as his face contorted into one of genuine fear and shock. He had never felt so much evil in his life before, so much rage and hatred. Whoever this was– no, whatever this thing was, it shouldn't be here. It shouldn't exist.

She continued her quiet humming though, but as he approached to get a look at her face, she suddenly stopped. He halted when this being giggled slightly, slowly turning her head around to smile at him.

Her features were so soft, almost like she was a porcelain doll, but the soulless red eyes that bore right into his own were nothing short of terrifying.

"I see you~" She spoke, her voice sounding ethereal.

In an instant, the girl vanished and reappeared a few meters from him, the smile not changing a bit. This unsettled him greatly– this overbearing sense of danger put him on edge. This wasn't something he should be feeling, especially not in a mere vision like this.

How was she aware of his existence?

"Who are you?" He questioned coolly, not sure if he was going to get an answer.

The girl giggled and spread her arms, revealing her black outfit beneath the cloak, then responded.

"Salvation."

Spoiler: White-Haired Child

That was when hundreds of black tendrils sprouted from her back and shot toward him, somehow managing to grab him and pin him to a wall behind him. The girl then started laughing madly as she rushed toward him, her small body breaking down– cracks on her face appearing as her flesh melted and turned grotesque, mouths with razor-sharp teeth growing everywhere.

But more than that, what truly terrified him beyond anything this thing did, was the very recognizable black blade in her hand as she stabbed him in the heart with it. That was when he woke up to the real world with a gasp, his heart pounding in his chest.

He panted as he processed what he saw.

"It can't be…" He mumbled, getting his breathing under control. "Lucifer?"

That thing wasn't Lucifer– not even the Demon God held this much wickedness in his soul, but that blade was his. He could recognize Excelsis no matter what state it was in, and whatever that thing was, it had managed to awaken it.

Someone had freed him and taken the sword, but how? Who could be strong enough to break all the seals keeping the blade and Lucifer trapped? Not even the combined strength of the most powerful gods of the pantheons could take it out. Yahweh certainly made sure of that.

But more than that, that entity managed to slay both beasts, yet the outcome didn't change. Everyone was dead, life had been snuffed out, and that meant one thing.

Unlike the previous prophecy, where the world was brought to its destruction as collateral by the battle of two world-ending threats, this… this monster deliberately killed everything. It went out of its way to destroy the world with its own hands.

And somehow, it saw him. Where he was merely seeing the future, it attacked him. It dared to call itself 'salvation' when it is nothing but evil.

Slowly, Indra wiped his nose and grimaced at the blood staining his shaking hand. He must check Lucifer's prison and find this entity before it's too late.

Things were looking far more sinister than they had ever been.

Lucifer chapter next time, I promise.

And yeah, the image is a commission specifically for this chapter. I think all future comms I get will be chapter related. That'd be pretty cool.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, A Simurgh Plot, Axel Fones and 236 others
Mirlnir
Apr 27, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 25: Un-imaginary Friend
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 2, 2023
Add bookmark
#465
– Lucifer –

There was quite a lot on his mind at the moment, but he'd always been able to process his circumstances at an excellent pace, and he had been in a lot of outlandish situations. Certainly not as outlandish as being dead though. This was the first time it ever happened in fact.

The last thing he clearly remembered was his father's sobs as he held Lucifer's scorched and disintegrating body. He was prepared to return to the world as a spirit– he made sure to make a contingency plan by binding his soul to his own sword in case he was slain in battle, but it seemed that his father had realized it and sealed Excelsis away with several thousand seals.

Lucifer should've known, of course. Yahweh was the best at sealing by a tremendous margin. Said seals were strong enough to affect his consciousness, effectively putting him in a deep trance within the sword. That tricky bastard.

It was… surprisingly soothing. After transforming into a devil, Lucifer had forgotten the warmth and gentle light of his father. He continuously dreamt of the old days, before his betrayal, and how peaceful it had all been within the confines of Heaven.

How he enjoyed the company of his brothers and sisters, the pure love he gave and received from all. Micheal's gentleness, Uriel's passion, Gabriel's enthusiasm, Azazel's playfulness, and most of all, his father's light and love to all.

These memories made Lucifer reflect on his actions in his slumber. How his jealousy of humanity and his father's obsession with them brought those peaceful times to a screeching halt. How he was cast down, his connection to the light of god severed. How his rage and hatred consumed him fully, putting him on a scorched path for revenge.

All because he didn't get the attention he wanted. Lucifer almost laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation. His cause had truly been empty from the beginning– his need for approval had turned into a need for power and conquest, all for it to end in his father's death and his own. The jokes write themselves, it seemed.

His hatred hadn't exactly vanished, though. He could bring himself to respect Yahweh for always believing in Lucifer, thinking he could change, but forgive him? Oh no, his rage ran far deeper than that. Even in death, after all the contemplation and reflection, Lucifer realized that he would've never been able to live alongside his father.

And for all it was worth, he couldn't even bring himself to regret it. The path he was on took him all around the realms, it showed him the majesty and wonder of the other pantheons. He learned the magics of the Norse and Egyptians, was taught the weapon arts of Greek and Shinto, and witnessed brilliant crafts from the Celtic and Hindu pantheons.

That journey was quite an eye-opening experience for young Lucifer. Had his father never cast him down to the human realm, he might've never seen even half of these things, never truly known what lay beyond Heaven.

It was a shame he never truly took his time to properly enjoy the different cultures, for his wrath had never simmered down. His need for vengeance drove him to do untold harm to these realms. If he hadn't, perhaps he'd still be alive.

Perhaps that was the only thing that he truly regretted. But it is what it is, he thought.

As he stared at the shocked and clearly afraid young girl, Lucifer's smile became as disarming as possible.

"What's the matter?" He tilted his head. "I haven't frightened you, have I? If so, then I apologize. It wasn't my intention."

But now he was free from his prison. True, he wasn't alive per se, but honestly? That was fine with him. Considerable time must've passed, and he was fairly intrigued to see how the world changed in his and his father's absence.

And this girl in front of him had somehow freed him when she wasn't even close to powerful enough to break a single seal. How had she done it? She must certainly have something strong, perhaps an artifact or somesuch.

More than that, what truly fascinated the old Devil God was her very existence and how she contained two separate souls within her, which should not be possible by all laws of magic and life.

One was that of an extraordinarily powerful human spirit– The soul of a destined champion of good or evil. A very rare occurrence, it only happens once every one thousand years in fact, especially considering she didn't possess a Sacred Gear. It spoke greatly about the girl's latent talent and potential, but other than that, there was nothing particularly interesting about it.

However, the other soul was exceptional, for he had never sensed such an essence of eldritch and ungodly power in his life before. For all intents and purposes, it shouldn't even exist. It did not belong in this universe, or perhaps even the multiverse as a whole. No trace of connection to the lifestream.

But what was truly mesmerizing was the overwhelming wickedness within it– as if it was the very incarnation of evil and corruption. It easily overpowered the other human soul, but at the same time, it wasn't quite there. Like it was numbed, asleep.

Something was keeping it that way for one reason or the other, likely for good reason because if it awakens, there would be nothing capable of stopping it from bringing the world to total annihilation.

Truly a phenomenal existence. He assumed that the girl was unaware of what existed inside her, but he wouldn't want to frighten her more. She looked like she recognized him for what and who he is.

She remained silent, taking a step back as she was in the process of calming herself down.

"I assure you, I mean no harm," Lucifer said, slowly walking toward her. "How about we introduce ourselves, yes? I'll start."

As he took a step toward her, several more blades and spears of ice manifested around her, all pointing at him as she scowled at him threateningly, prompting him to stop his advance. She's very cautious, and terrified, but she's good at hiding the latter.

Masking fear with faux rage? She reminded Lucifer of his younger self.

"You're not supposed to be here." She responded. "How did you even get here?"

"As I said, my soul is bound to Excelsis, the blade you pulled." He clarified once more. "Which, by the way, is an outstanding feat. Well done."

This seemed to make her relax slightly, but she didn't dispel her magic.

"What do you want?" The human girl interrogated him.

"What could I want?" Lucifer chuckled. "You're staring at a wandering spirit. A dead man."

"You're dead?" She raised a brow.

"Indeed." He confirmed. "What I am now is only a soul taking the form I had while I was alive. I can neither hurt you nor be hurt by you, so how about we settle down and introduce ourselves? I still don't know the name of my savior."

The girl hesitated, but slowly, the ice spells evaporated one by one. She still kept her distance though and debated whether to tell him or not. Eventually, though, she relented, sounding fairly reluctant.

"Akane." She said.

"My utmost pleasure, Akane." He bowed respectfully. "I'm Lucifer."

She didn't seem very surprised to hear this, so she likely knew who he was already. Ah well, introductions were in order anyhow. It's only polite to do so.

"You're supposed to be dead," Akane stated bluntly.

"As we already established, I am dead." Lucifer chuckled in amusement.

"No, I mean, erased from existence." She explained. "That's what I've been told anyway. God completely obliterated every trace of you."

"Well, clearly that is false." Lucifer spread his arms out. "My spirit and blade remain still, as you see before you, and I must ask how you even managed to take it."

"Why should I tell you?"

"I'm only curious." Lucifer shrugged. "I'd like to know how I was exactly freed."

Akane paused for a moment, still very cautious, then answered.

"I was invited to a political party in the underworld." She revealed, making him raise a brow. He's talking to a political figure, is he? A human no less. Fascinating. "One thing led to another, and I ended up exploring the sewers underneath the Gremory estate."

This was getting more and more interesting for the former Demon King. Why would she be in the Gremory Estate? More than that, how did she stumble on the sword from there? The blade wasn't exactly sealed down there.

"I don't exactly know what happened next, but I was put into some illusion or something." She explained further. "Eventually I found the sword and took it out."

She's very obviously omitting a lot of information, but Lucifer didn't want to press her for anything. This Akane practically had full control over his fate– she could hand over the sword to certain authorities that would know how to handle him and Excelsis, and he honestly did not want to be sealed again. And he knew very well that those who were going to seal him won't be as kind as his father.

That was fine, though. He could come up with a solid explanation by himself. If he had to guess, Excelsis likely sensed her from where he was, and while his range wasn't very large, the girl's second soul was so powerful that it managed to attract the blade.

Not the mention the nigh-oppressive and profound anger it continuously produced. Wrath was the sin Excelsis responded to the most. He must've fed on that rage and extended his range just enough to drag the girl into his domain.

…Or so it seemed from Lucifer's perspective.

"And that's about it, really." She said.

"I see."

"...So what happens now?"

"Who knows? I've only just woken up from a very long nap." He shrugged, then his smile widened as he got an idea. "I can lend you my blade if you'd like. You can say it's a reward for freeing me. You'd certainly put it to better use than I."

"What's the catch?" She asked, making him raise a brow. "You can't possibly think I'll make a deal with the literal devil god this easily. I'm not stupid enough to do that."

"Hehe, fair enough." Lucifer chuckled. "Well, I'm not in need of anything as payment, however, you'll need to be tethered to me to be able to access some of Excelsis' power. Otherwise, it'll only burn through your body and consume your soul."

"And what would that imply? Being tethered to you I mean."

"Not much. I'll be able to manifest around you, and perhaps physically interact with you through Excelsis. Possibly telepathic communication if you wish." He explained. "So if you don't mind me talking your ears off, then you will lose nothing. I do like a good conversation."

Akane remained silent, studying his face before her eyes darted around for whatever reason, prompting him to raise a brow. Before he could ask, however, she spoke.

"...Alright." She accepted his offer. "What do I have to do?"

Quite bold. He thought. Or perhaps she doesn't understand the possible consequences.

He did find it strange how she accepted the offer with how overly cautious she was around him, but he could sense it. An increasingly growing sense of ambition, an unquenchable thirst for more power. This Akane was more like him than he initially thought.

Lucifer didn't respond verbally and walked past her, grabbing the blade off the ground and holding it by the hilt. This sword was the cause of many, many problems. When it was being made, Excelsis felt Lucifer's anger and hate, the evil and wickedness plaguing his soul, and absorbed all of it. It was the embodiment of it all.

And so they were connected deeply to a spiritual level, thus making him able to interact with it no matter what state Lucifer was in. What a disgusting artifact– he almost regretted making it as well. But a weapon is a weapon, and as many issues it brought him, he knew that without it, he'd have died far earlier on his journey for vengeance.

Lucifer felt strangely obligated to warn the girl.

"Be very careful using it, and only unleash its powers if it's an emergency." He said as Akane approached him, standing right in front of him. "Excelsis is born from my contempt and wrath– Your very soul will soak in those intense emotions, and it might very well make you lose control of yourself. In return, you'll grow in power at an exponential rate, but do not let it fool you."

She nodded slowly.

"And do keep in mind that it can be quite… difficult to work with, to say the least." Lucifer continued. "As a tether, I'm only able to slow it down, and not stop it from eventually consuming your soul. Even if you avoid that fate, prolonged use can have dire and permanent consequences."

"How do I avoid all of this? I mean, it's your sword, right?" Akane questioned. "Did you really have to go through all of this just to use it?"

"Of course not." He chuckled. "However, you're not nearly powerful enough to force the blade to submit. Perhaps one day, but certainly not now."

That seemed to have slightly annoyed her from what he could sense. A prideful one, isn't she? She is smart enough to know that this is the truth, though.

"...Use it only when I absolutely have to, right?" She asked.

"Unless you want to be consumed, yes." He confirmed with a nod. "I take it you're still agreeing?"

"...Sure, why not." She said. "If I only have to grow in strength to use it to its full potential, then I'd be able to do it eventually."

It isn't that simple, of course, but Lucifer had yet to deem her worthy to know about the Ritual of Rebirth, which requires the very same sword he's holding. Becoming whole with oneself was what was needed for Excelsis to submit. To actually unsheathe it in the first place.

And it'd be very fascinating to see how someone with two souls would end up after the ritual. If it was a success, then there's no telling just how powerful she'd become. If it made Lucifer go from barely being a match to Micheal to becoming as powerful as the Dragon of Infinity…

He hoped he'd be there if and when she reaches her full potential.

"How ambitious." The Devil God smirked. "Then put your hands on mine, and do not let go."

Akane hesitated for a moment, seemingly thinking about this, before taking a subtle deep breath and doing what he told her. Black sparks of divine and demonic energy crackled around the blade as she gasped, her pale hands burning in the intense power as she was almost brought to her knees.

The silver blade shimmered in power, pure, radiating energy flashing and sparkling around it. Akane's cry of pain almost broke him out of his concentration as she struggled to keep her hands on his, making Lucifer chuckle casually.

"Clench your teeth." He suggested. "Only a few more seconds. Don't let go now."

The human girl listened and hissed less intensely as the seething agony began to fade. Eventually, the blade stopped shining and the sparks of energy vanished, prompting Lucifer to let go of her and the sword.

"There. All done." He said, making her fall to her knees as she held her hands in pain.

"Why didn't you say it would hurt?" She complained, glaring at him in mild annoyance. "Fuck…"

"I did not know it would be this bad. I've never done something like this myself." He answered truthfully. "Regardless, you can use the sword now. Do be careful with it now."

"That so?" Akane breathed, standing back up and looking at the sword. "You… don't mind if I give it a practice run, right?"

"I wouldn't typically recommend it, but a few seconds of swinging it around shouldn't do you harm." He said.

She stayed silent for a moment, looking at the sword in thought. Said thought was interrupted when ghoulish groans prompted Lucifer to look at the dozens of approaching undead monsters. Strange, there was not a single trace of them just now. They've somehow snuck up behind them.

That was when Akane picked up the blade, being enveloped by black and red energy, and rushed toward them, creating a loud, thundering boom and a whirlwind from her sheer speed. Had he been a lesser man, Lucifer wouldn't have been able to see her moving as she ripped them apart in an instant.

It wasn't necessarily a wondrous display of power– those undead monsters were a speck compared to the average high-class devil, but she was much stronger than she should be. He furrowed his brows as he felt this malevolent soul of hers stir in its deep slumber. Did it resonate with Excelsis?

How interesting.

"This is amazing." She breathed, in pure awe as she looked at the blade. "I feel so powerful, it's incredible."

She chuckled.

"I could get used to this." She muttered, her one visible eye gaining a dangerous glint.

"You should not," Lucifer said, approaching her. "As I told you before, only use it when it is an emergency. Aside from its many internal risks, you'll also be alerting many who would go to war for this sword. I'd rather not have my savior die in such a way."

"I know, I know." She nodded, the smirk never leaving her face as the sword simply vanished, making his eyebrows shoot upward. Spatial magic? Was that why he couldn't materialize immediately? "It's still a powerful trump card–"

Akane suddenly fell down on her knees and she started to choke, eyes nearly bulging out as she coughed a vile black fluid violently. She flinched and backed away as the wretched liquid writhed and squirmed before disintegrating into nothing.

"W-what the fuck?" She gasped, recovering.

"You were expelling the dark magic used to empower you." He explained. "Rather a grotesque manner, I must admit."

"You didn't care to tell me this either?"

"I did not know." The Devil God coolly deflected again. "You're the first person to hold Excelsis other than I."

She clicked her tongue in annoyance, scratching her neck in discomfort.

"More than that, that trick you just pulled with spatial magic was interesting," Lucifer mentioned. "How did you do it?"

"Who knows." She refused to answer and quickly changed the subject. "So you're gonna be following me around everywhere?"

"More or less."

"Then I don't have to tell you to not randomly pop up when there are people nearby, right?"

"Oh, you should not concern yourself with this." He waved it off. "Only you can see me since you've touched the blade. Though I suppose Senjutsu users will be able to feel my presence, so I shall be careful regardless."

"...You're surprisingly agreeable," Akane noted

"I try to be." He smiled.

She studied his face, still very wary, then gestured for him to follow her. He did, and once they entered a home, she snapped her finger, and the dimension they were in simply collapsed, forcing them into the human realm.

That was especially fascinating. Did this human girl destroy an entire pocket dimension in an instant? Casually without caring? Would that mean that she's capable of making these small dimensions as well? She did seem very calm when those undead monsters attacked as if she expected them.

"Interesting." He muttered but did not question her.

It was obvious that she did not trust him much yet. Her very apparent thirst for power drove her to take his deal, but he can't expect her to tell him everything she knows. He must gain her trust first before he can ask her.

This Akane was a far more interesting individual than he first thought, and after what he sensed, he'd be a fool to not help her cultivate this limitless potential of hers. He wanted to see just how far she can go, how much she can grow. He knew for certain he would enjoy her company as well.

He always liked ambitious ones.


– Akane –

This honestly feels like a fever dream.

I didn't expect I'd be meeting the original Lucifer, the literal Devil God and progenitor of the race as a whole, after my first trip to the Underworld. Not even after knowing who the sword belonged to– By all means, he should be dead.

Well, he is, but I mean, he shouldn't exist anymore as far as I know. But no, apparently I'm wrong and stupid for thinking that. I found it weird that half his stats weren't there and the other half were question marks, but I think it makes sense now.

He's just a soul, so obviously he doesn't have physical stats.

Honestly, I panicked hard when he showed up. I thought I was fucked, that he'd take the sword, tear me a new one, and fuck off to kill the rest of the Angels or something along those lines, but no, he's just… weirdly nice. Like, you don't expect that from the big bad who started the Great War, and not like he was faking it either.

He was actually, genuinely nice. Sure, he probably does have an ulterior motive, I'm not stupid to ignore that probable fact, but he'd also have no reason for faking his politeness. Hell, I've somehow managed to raise his REP from 20 to 25 by being as indifferent as possible. And what can he do when he's dead? What could he possibly want from me?

Of course, I'm still keeping my distance here. I might've gotten an unbelievably powerful sword from him, but it's always better to be safe and careful, especially when a devil god is involved. Partly why I even took this 'reward' was none other than the game pushing me to do it.

It'd be a powerful tool as long as you're careful.

It's a sword that literally eats the souls of those who wield it. Also, now you decide to show up? Not after I cried and begged you to help me in that horror fest I had to go through? Didn't you say that if I die, both of us cease to exist?

I did.

Then why the fuck didn't you say anything?!

Because you needed to be desperate to escape.

What? What do you–

That's when the realization hit me like a bag of bricks.

You wanted me to get the sword, didn't you? You probably knew it was there and pushed that quest on me to find it. I didn't suspect a single thing, and you knew I wouldn't be able to resist the LUK perk I'd be getting from it.



…

You're a scum, you know that?

[Sidequest Hunter] – Perk – 500 LUK

You like solving other people's problems, whether out of the goodness of your heart or for your own gain and for some reason, people love to dump all their issues onto you. Mutually beneficial exchange for sure.

There's a much higher chance of you randomly stumbling on quest prompts, and a slightly higher chance of people giving you quests.

Showing me the perk won't make me think more of you, asshole.

At least the perk is kind of good.

Do you regret finding the sword?

…I'd be a lot angrier at you if I did.

That sword is immensely more powerful than I thought it would be. I had my status page opened as I used it, and my stats skyrocketed by a solid 50% increase. I don't know how much stronger I can get with it, but if I got that powerful of a boost in mere seconds, then I imagine a massive increase.

However, I also noticed a decrease in stats after I was done using it. Uncomfortable method of 'expelling dark magic' aside, I was 10% weaker for ten minutes. Lucifer wasn't joking when he said to only use it in case of an emergency. The sword itself barely does any damage though, so it's more of a buff tool than an actual weapon for now, and something I can use against that warmonger fuckface.

And if there's a way to actually use it without any of these annoying side effects, then I'm sure as hell going to work for it. I don't know how strong I need to be to do that, but that's just more incentive to grow stronger.

How strong was Lucifer before he died, anyway? Clearly, the whole story of Sirzechs surpassing him must've been false if the Original made that fucking thing, but how powerful exactly? Also, why would they lie about that? From what I've seen, a lot of devils actually believe it somehow.

I have a lot of questions.

"And this?" The man in question asks, making me pause my work on the robot and sigh. "What is this device called?"

So does he apparently.

"It's a microwave," I answer quietly.

"What is it used for?"

"It heats up food quickly."

"I see." He nods to himself before pointing at a toaster. "And this?"

…Is this guy the Devil God or a fucking five-year-old? He's been asking me about literally everything the moment we entered the house, and it's been hours since. I get it, he's curious as hell, but good god, just chill for five seconds.

I should've just gone to sleep, but I can't. I have too many things on my mind and I'd end up overthinking to sleep properly. And not like I have time anymore. I need to get ready for school soon. I started a quest there and I'm finishing it.

"A toaster," I say, rubbing my eyes. Fuck me, I'm so tired. "It toasts bread."

He hums as he looks at the pile of electronics I dismantled to work on my robot.

"I've noticed that most of these devices are used for food." He notes. "Peculiar. Is it part of your culture?"

"No, everyone everywhere has them."

"Is that so? But why have an oven when you have one of these microwaves?"

"Because one is used to cook food, and the other is used to heat it." I explain the difference, rapidly losing my patience. "Only a lunatic cooks with a microwave."

He scratches his chin thoughtfully at that. How does he even find these things interesting?

I shake my head with a sigh and put my wrench down, stretching my arms before leaving the garage.

"Are you done with your work?" He asks.

"I need to get ready for school," I say, yawning a second later.

"Ah, a school." His face brightens up at that. "That should be intriguing. I shall accompany you if you don't mind."

"Just… keep the chatting to a minimum," I responded. "There are eyes everywhere and I don't want people getting suspicious."

He doesn't argue and… follows me for whatever reason. I don't know what kind of range he has, but isn't he being a little too close? I stop by the door of my room and turn to look at him with an annoyed expression.

"Wait here," I tell him with a whisper. "I'm going to change first. Then we can go."

"Of course."

As I close the door on his face, a groan escapes me. Am I really going to have to deal with him at all times? I'm trying to not blow up in his face because dead or not, he's still a Devil God, and I'm not about to piss off the guy who made that sword.

…Well, I can probably grow used to it if I give it enough time. I've gotten used to my mother of all people, so I can handle it. Plus, if I get close to him, he might teach me a lot of neat tricks. Or something like that.

As I open my wardrobe, I click my tongue at the uniform. Right, the male one was destroyed in my fight with Riser. I then grimace at the unreasonably short skirt before sighing. Well, I have nobody to blame but my own lack of self-control. This is what I get for not fixing my anger issues.

Still worth kicking him in his stupid face.

As the teacher drones on, I lazily continue the mech sketch in my notebook that I wish one day I can bring to life, not caring about the lesson in the slightest. I already know everything anyway, so I'd rather not waste my time here. I only even bothered to show up because I don't want to lose any marks that might put me below anyone.

I yawn quietly, away from the teacher's gaze. I really want to sleep. I already got a small debuff that decreases my INT and WIS by 5% from the lack of sleep. Woohoo for all-nighters, I guess.

As for the Devil God next to me, he's the opposite as he stands right next to my desk, his full attention on the lesson. I give him a glance, but he doesn't even notice, looking very into this. It's almost encouraging in a way.

He values knowledge from what I can tell so far. Really values it. Perhaps I can use that to my advantage.

"Amamiya-san." The teacher calls out, looking at me with mild annoyance. "Please pay attention."

"I am." I lie calmly.

"Oh?" She smirks almost maliciously. "Well, you wouldn't mind solving this formula then, would you?"

I blatantly roll my eyes and get up from my seat, snatching the chalk from her and solving the piss-easy formula in a few seconds, almost making myself scoff. Who even has trouble with thermodynamics? Children?

I hand over the chalk to the teacher, who looks fairly embarrassed, making me smirk. She clears her throat before speaking.

"I-I suppose you were paying attention." She admits. I didn't. I just knew this already. "You can go back to your seat.

1 Reputation with Lucifer [26/100]

I notice him looking at me with a smile as I sit on my chair, looking mildly impressed.

"Well done."

I don't respond, pretending he doesn't exist.

Before the teacher is able to continue, the bell rings, and our break starts. Most of the students leave the classroom, and so do Ichiban and Issei. The former stops before stepping out, though, and addresses me.

"Yo, Akane," Ichiban calls out. "I'm gonna check out what they have for lunch. Want me to get you anything?"

"I'm good." I decline, stretching my arms. "Thanks."

He waves and leaves, catching up with Issei. I also get up from my seat and leave the classroom with a different plan.

"That boy…" Lucifer starts as he follows me. "I sense a powerful draconic presence within him, a familiar one."

I don't answer him and continue walking through the hallway, prompting him to stare at me with a raised brow. He doesn't persist, though, and he immediately stops as I walk into Sona, who smiles at me politely.

"Ah, Akane. Good afternoon." She greets. "How are you today?"

"A devil," Lucifer mutters to himself. "...Is this what they all feel like nowadays? They're… different."

He likes to think out loud I've noticed.

"Tired," I answer truthfully. "I pulled an all-nighter to work on some stuff."

"That is very irresponsible of you." Sona looks at me in disapproval. "You can't expect to learn when you're in this state. Please do take care of yourself."

"Oh please, not like it was the first time I did it." I wave it off. "If anything, I'm more annoyed at this stupid uniform."

"I think you look quite lovely." She smirks.

"Are you flirting with me?" I fire back with an accusation, making her frown immediately.

"That's not what I–"

"Well, your game is terrible." I cut her off with a smirk of my own. "Because I look lovely in everything anyway. Get better material."

"I'm not flirting with you." She replies with a slightly red face, before looking around at the other students glancing at us with odd looks. "...I feel like I'm going to regret pushing this on you."

"Hohoho, you will." I promise ominously before changing the subject. "Anyway, I was going to get myself some coffee. Wanna come along?"

"...From where?" She blinks, tilting her head at me.

"There's a cafe very close to the school."

"You do realize this isn't allowed, yes?" She raises a brow. "Students leaving school grounds, even at lunchtime, isn't permitted."

"Oh come on, it's just a five-minute walk." I roll my eyes, forcefully dragging her with me by grabbing her arms. "You look like you need some caffeine in your system too."

"What the–, unhand me." She protests. "I'm the student president, I have responsibilities here."

"The school won't collapse if you leave it for a few minutes, Senpai," I argue. "Plus, coffee will make you more productive."

"No. Let go of me."

I pause for a moment as a thoughtful frown takes over my face. As much as I don't want to, I want to see just how effective this affection thing really is.

Instead of letting her go, I push her against the wall and lean very close to her, my face mere inches away from hers. Sona yelps audibly as some of the crowd gasp in shock at the sudden turn of events.

Sona's face turns pure red at the act, both arms held above her as she's frozen still. I almost want to laugh out loud at how unreasonably easy this is, but I continue this by leaning closer to her ear, whispering to her.

"I just want to hang out with you. You wouldn't refuse me, would you Sona?" I mutter, my grip on her arms tightening. "Come on, do it for me?"

5 Affection with Sona Sitri [25/100]

The other students are whispering to each other furiously as they witness this scene. I know there are going to be a lot of rumors spreading, but why would I care about what a bunch of nobodies think? They're regular humans with no power or importance. I couldn't give a shit about them even if I wanted to.

Sona, who is still in shock, finally gives a response in an uncharacteristically high-pitched tone.

"O-Okay…"

I don't understand how anyone can complain about pulling bitches. And here I thought she'd show some backbone and play hard to get. But no, it's literally that easy.

"Great!" I let go of her. "I'll meet you at the gate, then. Don't be late, we don't have a lot of time before class starts."

With that, I simply walk away, leaving Sona to her own thoughts as the students begin spreading the rumors.

That was funny, I'll admit, but also kind of uncomfortable, but if it gets me a busted perk, then fuck it. I can handle a little yuri play for more power.

Would've probably led to a disastrous situation if this didn't work, but I had faith in my high charisma and the multitude of perks. Honestly, I could've probably pulled this off even before unlocking her affection.

I'm just that irresistible for it to work.


As Issei, Ichi, and I – and Lucifer – enter the warehouse, I quickly notice a distinct lack of my uncle. Only Asia and my mother were inside waiting for us. I didn't sense him inside, but I assumed he was hiding his energy or something.

"Oh, you're here." Mizuki grins. "Took you long enough."

"You realize we delayed the training because your fatass couldn't get off the bed, right?" I deflect, making her wince.

"How dare you?!" She whines. "I'm not fat!"

"Not the point."

"So where's Akiyama?" Ichiban asks, getting between our banter. "He's busy?"

"Ah, yeah. He said he had some stuff to take care of in Yokohama." She answers, making me raise a brow. Right, the whole Geomijul thing, the Sacred Gear user haven. "But have no fear! For I shall teach you the ways of kicking ass in his stead!"

"Didn't you always do that, though?" Issei tilts his head.

"Nope, I only taught this silly gremlin magic–"

"Call me 'silly gremlin' again and I'll tell everyone what I found in your search history."

"–and cheered you on." She ignores my threat, but I can see that it got a reaction out of her if her little flinch was anything to go by. This was several magnitudes more effective than promises of physical pain."But today it'll be I who will turn you into real warriors, for Aki is far too gentle compared to me!"

Of course, with her theatrics, they don't take her seriously. I do hear Lucifer chuckle in amusement, though.

"This is your mother?" He points at her. "She's quite energetic. How charming."

You have no idea. Not the charming part, though. She's outright annoying.

…Okay maybe a bit charming.

I rub my eyes tiredly. I want to sleep so badly.

"Well, alright, when do we start?" Ichi asks.

"Right now." She answers. "I want all three of you to attack me at once, but you are not allowed to use magic or Sacred Gears."

"Um, are you sure about this, Mizuki-san?" Issei questions. "I mean, three-on-one is kind of unfair, right?"

I actually agree. With Akiyama, it's fine because he's much stronger than us, but my mother? She's barely stronger than me– only a few hundred points ahead of me in physical stats, and with two relatively strong allies, she shouldn't be much of a tough fight.

Unless magic is involved, but she banned that, so I don't know.

"Don't underestimate me, boy." Mizuki gets into a stance, her eyes sharpening as the entire vibe changes. "I've been fighting longer than any of you have been alive."

I immediately want to take back my earlier statement. Whereas my uncle always had this burning feeling around him whenever he releases some of his aura, my mother is the complete opposite.

It's freezing, and I'm the girl who's almost immune to cold. I feel like a single wrong movement will be the end of me. She isn't stronger than Akiyama in her current state, but this aura feels several times heavier than his, and I know she's not going all out.

I'm not the only one who feels this, though, as both Ichi and Issei back away, looking intimidated.

Quest added

[The Tranquil Warrior]

Objective: Defeat Mizuki

Rewards: 125 to DEX, STR, END, Epic Gacha Token, Greatly increase Reputation with Ichiban Kasuga and Issei Hyoudou, Amon Sunglasses

Amon sunglasses? What the hell is that?

"Hmm…" Lucifer puts a hand on his chin. "Her stance is flawless. Very impressive considering how young she is."

"Guess we're gonna have to take you seriously, Mizuki-san," Ichiban says, the first one to compose himself.

My mother smirks.

"Come at me."

With that, Ichiban is the first to charge forward at her, throwing a right hook she very easily blocks. With an open palm, my mother strikes Ichi in the chest and sends him crashing into the wall, making him gasp in pain.

"Too predictable." She criticizes. "Be smart with how you approach your enemy."

He stands back up and growls and Lucifer hums once again as Ichi regroups with us.

"Do we stand a chance?" I ask simply.

"...Maybe." He answers. "Let's jump her."

Issei and I nod with me leading the charge, throwing a kick which she ducks under before she steps back as the two boys attack her from both sides. Mizuki redirects Issei's jab and catches Ichiban's fist. As she's busy with them, I attack again, but she simply punches Issei in the gut, and pulls Ichi in front of her, forcing me to back off.

Mizuki strikes Ichiban the same way as before, turning his body into a projectile soaring toward me. I barely avoid him flying at me, but it makes me wide open for Mizuki to kick me in the face, sending me skidding on the ground.

I flip and land on my feet before I rush toward her again, ignoring the pain and aim for her stomach. Mizuki dodges and retaliates with a backhand to my face, but I manage to block it with my forearm, successfully sweeping her off her legs.

She smirks and lands on her hands, twirling around and kicking me and the approaching Issei, forcing the two of us to the ground. Ichiban jumps back into the fray as he dashes toward her with impressive speed, but she simply flips over him and kicks him in the back right at us.

Ichi smashes directly into me in a slightly embarrassing position. I ignore it and push him off me, growling in anger and running toward her. The boys do the same and all of us attack at the same time again.

To our dismay, Mizuki is able to easily keep up with us, returning avoided punches with her own that hurt a lot more than they should. It was especially surprising to me, because I have seen her fight before, and she didn't show a glimpse of grace like this.

Whenever she gets into a fight with randoms in the street – a rare occasion, but it happens – she always fights like a lunatic, flailing around and throwing random objects like trashcans and whatever. She literally fought the same way I used to– a complete thug.

But this? This is completely different, which in hindsight, is pretty obvious. She's an assassin, a legendary assassin. Obviously, she mastered several martial arts. No assassin worth her salt doesn't know how to fight with her hands.

Despite that, we should be at least doing some damage. Is the difference in skill so vast that our close powers just don't matter? Or is it something else?

Mizuki deflects my fist and redirects it toward Issei, hitting him square in the face and promptly breaking his nose. I gasp as I notice her fist right in front of my stomach, hitting me with what feels like the force of a thousand semi-trucks crashing into me.

The blow knocks the wind out of me and brings me to my knees. As I quickly try to stand up, Ichiban's body once again slams into me and we both collide into the wall. I push him off me and cough, getting more frustrated.

"Fucking god, how strong is she?" Ichiban asks, standing back up and wiping the blood off his mouth. "I never thought Mizuki-san can fight so well."

"She's using Senjutsu," Lucifer reveals to me. "More specifically, Touki, the only branch available for anyone to use, and she's incredibly proficient at it. I've never seen anyone with such control over ki before."

What the hell is Touki?

"Do try to avoid getting hit." The Devil God 'advises' with a smile.

Fucking smartass.

"What's wrong? Tired already?" She taunts with an infuriating smirk. "We've barely even started."

As Issei tries to sneak up behind her, Mizuki simply spins around and hits him with a roundhouse kick, knocking him out.

"Oh, wait, I didn't mean to hit him that hard." She drops her stance, looking at Issei with a concerned frown. "Oi, Issei, you okay?"

He doesn't answer, but with her off guard, both Ichiban and I rush her at the same time, trying to get at least one hit in before we're inevitably defeated. To probably nobody's surprise, Mizuki sees us coming, blocking my kick and Ichiban's punch.

First, she pulls Ichi closer before uppercutting him to the ceiling of the warehouse. Then she knocks me off my feet by kicking my leg, hitting my chest with an open palm, nearly rendering me unconscious right there and then.

Ichiban then falls right in front of her with a groan. He tries to stand back up on his feet while I've just given up, lying on the uncomfortable stone ground. I don't even feel like continuing this fight. She's just going to keep kicking our asses until nobody can walk anymore, and she's fucking enjoying it. I know she is.

Quest failed

Fuck off.

"You okay down there?" Mizuki smirks at me. "Maybe I hit a little too hard~"

I click my tongue in annoyance.

"Oh don't give me this look." She rolls her eyes. "We've just started. You can't give up now."

My frown deepens for a moment before a devilish idea forms in my head.

"Oi, Ichi. You awake?"

"Barely." He answers.

"...She looks up lewd mods for every game she plays–"

"LALALALALA THEY CAN'T HEAR YOU!"

Ichiban laughs before quickly covering his mouth in fear once Mizuki glares at him angrily. They just don't get it– I may have lost the fight and failed the quest, but the current look on her face is enough of a win and reward for me.

At the end of the day, I always win.


– Xenovia –

Getting out of the plane with her colleagues, Xenovia scans the airport with a blank face as Irina stretches her arms next to her. Her partner sighs and smiles at the sights, a lot more enthusiastic and eager than her.

"Man, it's been years since I was in Japan~" She says. "What do you think, Xenovia?"

Xenovia blinked and looked at her with a raised brow.

"This is an airport." She stated.

"It is an airport," Irina confirmed.

"...We just landed." The blue-haired woman deadpanned. "I haven't made an opinion yet."

"That's fair."

"Besides, I don't really care." She adds. "I just want to get this over with and retrieve the stolen Excalibur pieces."

"But that doesn't mean we don't get to have fun when we can, right?" Irina questioned with a tilt of her head. "The trip doesn't have to be 'work' all the time."

"I'm afraid not this time, Irina." The deep voice of their leader said. "This is a mission of utmost importance. We can't afford to even relax."

An older man with slicked-back dark brown hair, a growing beard, and a mustache, walked past them. He wore the typical garbs of an exorcist, all in white decorated with gold.

"But Father David–"

"I understand this is the home of your childhood, Irina." He continued. "But you're part of the church, and this is not our territory. We've only gotten permission to investigate and look for the swords, nothing more."

"Aww…" She pouted.

"Father David is right, now stop whining." Xenovia scolded. "This is no time to be messing around."

"...If we're able to acquire the pieces, then perhaps we can spend a day or two here." He said, making Irina brighten up. "In the meantime, keep your eyes peeled and follow my lead."

"Yes, father!" The two girls nodded seriously as they walked with him.

Whoever heretic stole the holy swords of the church will pay a thousandfold.

By her blade, Xenovia swore to get them back no matter what.

Sending Xenovia and Irina alone to face the guy who stole the excalibur pieces never made sense to me, so after some advice from one of my betas, we decided to give them a leader so to speak.

He's technically a canon character since he appears in slash dog, which is in the same universe.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, A Simurgh Plot, Axel Fones and 243 others
Mirlnir
May 2, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 26: Ominous Visions
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 12, 2023
Add bookmark
#490
– Ichiban –

Ichiban's eye twitched in annoyance as he saw the big 'Player 1 Win!' on the screen. Another loss? This made it five now, meaning five more days of torture under her. The culprit in question glanced at him with a smug smirk, not saying a single word as her expression told him everything she wanted him to know.

Ichiban's lips thinned. Her arrogance was not unwarranted, but dear god, he just wanted to choke the life out of her, but that'd probably end up with her handing him his ass on a silver platter. Plus, he was definitely mature enough not to start a fight over a video game.

"Alright, next round." He said, extending their time by inserting a coin.

"You'll lose again," Akane replied smugly. "And you'll be my slave for one more day."

"The first few games were spent on figuring out your style." He frowned in slight worry. Why did she phrase it like that? "You won't stand a chance now."

"Please, you'll get folded like every other round." She claimed arrogantly. "Honestly, I think you should stop, or you'll end up being a servant for another month."

"Won't be so smug once I beat your ass. You'll see." Ichiban promised. "I refuse to be ordered around by you."

"Eh, nah. I'll do you a favor and stop playing." Akane stretched her arms before getting off the stool. "I'm bored of effortlessly kicking your ass every single game."

"Hey, that last round was close as hell." He swore he saw her sweating bullets at some point. "You're just scared of losing."

"Whatever." She shrugged uncaringly before yawning.

He paused as Akane rubbed her eyes wearily with a yawn.

"You okay?" He asked, slightly concerned for his friend. "You look tired."

"I am tired," Akane responded, finishing her energy drink. "I haven't slept for over twenty-four hours now."

"Why not?"

"I don't know." She groaned.

Ichiban watched in exasperated silence as Akane crushed the Monster can in her hand before throwing it in the trash.

After their intense training under Mizuki, Ichiban thought that wasting time at the arcade would be a nice way to unwind and ignore the lingering pain of the mother's unreasonably harsh blows. He didn't think Mizuki could fight so well that even Twilight Healing took a while to erase the aches, but it should've been obvious. She was Akane's mom after all.

He was also surprised when Akane decided to come along for whatever reason. He noticed it at school– she looked exhausted, as much as she tried to hide it. She was a bit sluggish in their training and had zoned out more often. The copious amount of caffeinated drinks she'd been taking since had him worried. Ichiban didn't think it was healthy for anyone to drink a dozen energy drinks in the span of a few hours.

"Maybe less caffeine would be a start."

"I'm drinking because I can't sleep." She huffed, crossing her arms. "Not the other way around, dumbass."

"And you're gonna keep drinking until you have a heart attack at this point." He countered. "Just stop and you'll be in bed before you realize it. Trust me, I would know."

Akane just rolled her eyes as the two left the arcade. The two hung around the building, leaning against a wall. She pulled a pack of cigarettes from her pocket, clicking her tongue as she realized it was empty. His best friend looked at him and gestured at the pack.

"Got any?"

"Nope." He shook his head, removing a vape from his jacket pocket. "I have this though if you don't mind."

"Vapes are fucking stupid." She mocked.

"They're cheaper than cigarettes." He shrugged.

Akane scoffed.

"Whatever, it'll have to do."

Akane snatched it away from him, and as Ichiban saw the puff of smoke leave her mouth, a random thought made itself known in his head. It probably wasn't very wise to smoke or drink or anything like that when they were training very hard, but it shouldn't be a problem for them, right? They are supernaturally powerful compared to regular folk, so shouldn't their organs be a lot tougher too? In fact…

"You know, Kiba once told me that unlocking my Sacred Gear made every cell in my body stronger," Ichiban said, rubbing his chin in thought. "So does that mean I have a much stronger immune system?"

Akane blinked at him, waiting for him to finish his thought.

"I mean, like, I'm probably never getting sick anymore if that's true. Maybe." He continued. "But does that also mean I live for longer than the average human, or can even become immortal?"

"I… don't think that's the case." She said. "If powerful humans lived that long, we'd be seeing a lot of them around, right? But most notable figures in human history – who I'm pretty sure were related to the supernatural – are dead."

"That's true."

"I'm not saying it's impossible." Akane pointed out. "Some probably extended their lifespan by say, twenty years or so, but immortality or anything beyond fifty years in this sort of method is stretching it. You're gonna need an outside source to be able to do that. Like say, become a devil, who lives for thousands of years."

"Bummer," Ichiban said, not at all bothered. "Eh, immortality is boring anyway. I don't think humans are suited to live that long."

"Why not?"

He paused, trying to come up with a suitable analogy.

"It's like a game you've played for so long." He described. "You've done all kinds of runs and challenges. Gotten all achievements and collectibles. Beat it at the hardest difficulty while blindfolded and using a steering wheel. Wouldn't it be really boring to continue playing at that point?"

"You assume that life will forever be the same," Akane argued. "A game like that is very constricted in comparison. A better analogy would be an MMORPG getting an expansion every year. Wouldn't you want to live long enough to explore the galaxy? Better yet, the universe?"

"Well, yeah, obviously I want to do that, but once that fun is over, what then?" He said. "You've explored every crevice of every planet in every galaxy. What are you gonna do now? Wait till the heat death of the universe, just to float in an empty void forever?"

"Is dying any different?" She countered, a puff of smoke coming out of her mouth. "You'll go to some kind of afterlife and 'live' there for all of eternity. Or reincarnate. No better than living here forever."

That's a good point. He thought.

"I'd say it's worse even." Akane continued. "I imagine it feeling pretty suffocating. Don't quote me on this, but I don't think you have nearly as much freedom in heaven as you do while alive. Also, if you're worried about the universe imploding, you can always explore other universes. You have all the time in the world to figure out a way to do that."

He paused. He didn't know why she looked so convinced that other universes even existed, but Ichiban didn't think he'd be able to persuade her. But that was fine.

"I guess I can see what you mean, but I still don't think I agree with it, to be honest." He admitted. "We should live our mortal lives to the fullest, y'know? Death is part of life, after all, it gives it meaning."

"Corny." Akane teased, handing back his vape. "But to each their own. I'll be leaving this dumb planet and finding a better one to build my very own empire on. A perfect utopia."

"You're not even gonna bother conquering Earth?" He raised a brow in mild amusement.

"Ew, no. This planet is already fucked beyond belief." His best friend snorted. "It's like taking someone's sloppy seconds. Better if I find a blank slate to start over."

"And how do you plan on doing that?"

"The wonders of mechanical engineering." She answered with a grin, pointing at herself. "I'm building a spaceship, then I'll turn myself into a cyborg."

With how confident she sounded, Ichiban almost believed her, but she couldn't be serious. Honestly, if anything, she'd be saying something like 'why would I ruin my own perfection?' or 'imagine not having flesh stronger than steel? Skill issue'.

"As long as you don't go all Terminator on us." He joked, then paused as he followed her line of sight.

She was looking at the claw machine back at the arcade through the window. He didn't know what plushie she was looking at exactly, but Ichi felt curious enough to ask.

"What's gotten you all quiet?"

After a moment of silence, Akane spoke.

"I was just wondering–" She started. "What's stopping me from breaking that and taking all the plushies?"

The question was so out of left field, it caught Ichiban off guard. That came out of nowhere, and with how flat she said it, it got him slightly worried. He didn't know how to answer for a good bit, looking between his friend and the machine in confusion and concern.

"Uh, the police?"

"And what are they gonna do? Arrest me?" She scoffed with a dangerous smirk. "Ichi, I'm strong enough to bench press several tonnes and can fly faster than the fastest jets in the world. I can probably dismantle the entire force with my bare hands before they even realize it."

That's true, unless the police have someone related to the supernatural somehow, which he doubted.

Regardless, he tried again.

"Your moral compass?"

"Morality is subjective." She effortlessly deflected it. "I think that it isn't wrong, so for me, it isn't. Actually, I think it's the right thing to do because I deserve all of these toys."

"That is not how this works." He groaned, exasperated. "Why are you even bringing this up? Are you trying to flex how powerful you are?"

"Yes."

She's so shameless. He thought.

"I feel bad for the empire you said you wanted to build." He responded, getting her to laugh.

And as per usual, he hated how cute it sounded to him.

"Yeah, let's be honest, I'd be a total tyrant." Akane didn't bother denying it. "But that's why you're here, right?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, knowing you, you'd try to stop me because 'it isn't right' and whatnot." She said, poking his chest with a grin. "Because you're a hero wannabe. Pinnacle of all that's good and moral."

"Can you not bring that up?" His face flared in embarrassment. "I didn't know what the hell I wanted to be so I said the first thing that came to mind. Plus, it was a long time ago."

"Two years isn't that long." She disagreed. "But fine, I'll spare you for now. I don't feel like teasing anyway."

"Thank you."

A rare act of mercy from her for sure.

"Though, let's be honest–" Akane's visible eye gained a dangerous glint as she looked at him. "if we fought for real, I'd kill you before you even realize what happened."

Ichiban stared back in silence for a few seconds before responding.

"You need to go to bed."

"Haha, yeah."


– Akane –

You know, coding is surprisingly kind of fun. I've liked technical and mechanical stuff, even AI Engineering as a whole since I was a kid, but coding always put me off for whatever reason, so I never planned on pursuing a career in that field. Well, before the whole reincarnating/supernatural thing.

Taking the time to try coding the robot I've built was nowhere near as boring as I thought it would be, especially when it started responding to simple commands. Even making it walk a few steps made me giggle like a child.

I was a bit confused when I got the skill after learning from my mother without a quest, but once I asked the Game, it clarified that it's akin to making a spell while having mastery for it. Coding is simply a 'spell' from the 'Engineering' Skill Mastery. That is broad when you think about it. Does that include other forms of Engineering? Like biological or the like?

I made a good call picking it up if that's the case. Having the best of both worlds covers up a lot of my weaknesses. My powerful ice magic is one thing, but I'm still pretty squishy, so making some kind of power armor or mecha suit should be a priority. I don't think I'll be able to make myself more durable by getting perks very easily. Having so much END for so little HP is embarrassing. Hell, even Ichi has more than me, and he has lower END, Boosted Gear notwithstanding.

It'll take time and probably a lot of resources, but I can do it. Hopefully before Kokabiel's attack, at least with some kind of prototype. If Tony Stark could make a suit from scraps in a cave, I can do better with what I have right now.

I also want to make some kind of device that disables the cameras around Kuoh. Yes, the Yakuza only set them up because they want to protect me, but at this rate, I won't be able to be proactive in leveling up and increasing my stats, and to be proactive, I might need to be a little morally questionable. I don't want to be seen killing random animals and stealing souls for the hell of it.

I thought about using my dungeon creation skill to leave Kuoh while hidden. Find some idiots to use Devour on. Something like homeless people or random gang members– people who won't be missed basically, but Kuoh is bigger than ten kilometers in diameter, meaning I'll hit the dungeon size limit before being able to leave, so that's not an option at the moment. More reasons to focus on some concealing tech so I can come and go whenever I want.

It'll be tough. If they have teleportation and gravity manipulation tech, then that means they're very advanced. Way beyond anything I can make right now. I can dismantle the gravity belt for a fuckton of EXP, but I doubt that'll get me to their level still. That should be a priority anyway.

Though, that should give me an idea of how they build their technology, by learning its inner mechanisms, and that could help a lot in countering them. Either I find a way to disable the security cameras without having to find them somehow or a way to make myself invisible to them. Decisions, decisions…

I have to focus on what I'm doing right now though. I messed around with the robot a bit and created a glock attached to its hand. A very normal gun, so it's pretty harmless to people like me. I doubt it can even break my skin.

It'll probably sting though, so I'm not shooting myself with it to test it out.

I stretch my arms and let out a satisfied groan as I look at my creation in pride. It might not be much, but if I'm able to make this after barely doing anything, then it's only a matter of time before I can build the good stuff. This tiny thing gave me a lot of EXP and launched me to Journeyman level in Engineering. I'm also almost finished with the class, so I get to pick up a new one soon.

And that new thing I'm picking is gonna stay a secret for a while. It's always smart to keep one trick hidden even from your closest allies. The Element of Surprise is a weapon, and I'd be dumb not to utilize it.

I look around the garage, blinking as I don't see Lucifer anywhere. Did he get bored already? That's weird. He looked almost more into building and coding the robot than I was. He was also asking me a lot of stuff, but I wasn't paying attention.

Well, whatever. I'm gonna take a break and get myself something to eat. I've been sitting there looking at the screen for hours.

I get up from my seat and walk to the living room, looking through the fridge for a quick snack. I take out two energy drinks and some leftover sushi from last night. I eye the sake for a moment before closing the fridge. Probably shouldn't. It'll get Mom pissy and I don't feel like dealing with her brand of bullshit any time soon.

Speaking of, I don't see or sense her anywhere, nor Asia. What are they doing out so late? It's not a first for Mizuki and her late-night mahjong winning streak before blacking out in some bar, but the blond sleeps early.

Not giving it much thought, I take my snack and plop on the couch, turning the TV on and flipping through several channels as the medieval royalty urge to always have entertainment while eating kicks in.

Once comfortable, I stop on some anime I've never seen before and put the remote away, mindlessly eating from the plate.

That is until I feel my heart nearly stop as an overwhelming, ominous presence makes itself known right behind me. I see nothing as I turn around, the plate drops to the floor and my hands shake uncontrollably.

What the hell was that? I could've sworn I sensed something very dangerous and… somewhat familiar? I don't know. Whatever it is, its killing presence was suffocating, so I tried to unleash my own magical presence to scare or intimidate it… but I can't.

I freeze for a moment, a foreboding feeling washing over me before I try to use my ice magic. It doesn't work– not even the tiniest of pricks formed, so I try to look at my status to see if I am under any debuff, but the system doesn't respond to me either.

"What…" I mumble to myself, panicking. "What's going on?"

Game, what the hell is happening?

I unconsciously take a step back, fearing for my life, and bump into something. The danger I felt before returns a hundredfold as a razor-sharp tendril slowly wraps around my neck, breaking the skin but not going beyond that. I can't move. No matter how hard I try, I'm not able to move an inch. Is this the sword's doing? But I'm bound to it– it's in my inventory, it shouldn't be able to do this.

The tendril presses harder once I try to pull it off. I'm not even close to strong enough to get it to budge. It's faint, very faint, but I can hear it saying something to me, but right now, I'm too focused on trying to stay alive. My heart is nearly leaping out of my chest as I'm overcome with fear.

"Stop…" I plead in a whisper, feeling the tears of terror gathering in the corners of my eyes. "Please…Don't…"

I don't even know what or who this is, but my begging only got it to tighten its hold over my neck. The pain overwhelms me as I start to choke, and blood starts to gush out as it's a hair away from decapitating me. I blank out as the thing twists my head, forcing me to look at it, and I'm only able to see the wide, sadistic grin filled with sharp teeth on every surface before it promptly snaps my neck.

"OI!"

I flinch violently with a gasp, immediately putting a hand on my neck just to feel nothing out of the ordinary. Cold sweat drips from my cheeks as I look around panting and see that I'm back on my chair in the garage, the laptop on the desk in front of me finally finished installing some software, and my mother's hand on my shoulder as she looks at me in concern, a wet towel over her shoulder.

"You okay?" She asks.

I'm quickly able to comprehend what had happened as Gamer's Mind works its magic, calming me down significantly. I stop shaking and my breathing gets more stable once I look at my mother's black eyes.

"Y-yeah…" I stutter. "I just had a bad dream."

"I can see that." She frowns, crossing her arms. "See? I told you to stop drinking energy drinks. Look where it got you."

I don't immediately try to argue with her, my mind still trying to recall what that was all about. I thought Gamer's Mind blocked dreams in general. I'm rapidly losing my memories regarding the nightmare, but something about that thing felt… familiar.

Too familiar. I feel like I should know what it is. It's something very important, but for the life of me, I just can't put a finger on it.

…Explain.

Gamer's Mind does not block dreams or nightmares.

Nightmares are not direct attacks on your mind. They are manifested by your brain and thus are not included.


Panicking is also manifested by my brain, yet that gets shot down almost immediately. Is the perk deliberately inconsistent? Also, that wasn't what I was referring to. Why do I feel like I know whatever that thing was?

…

You're hiding something. You're hiding a lot of things and I don't like it. If you don't want me to die, then you better start being truthful to me from now on. I know for damn sure that this isn't the sword's doing because it's in my inventory. Answer me. What was that?

It doesn't respond anymore, which pisses me off, but I'm able to hide my annoyance from my mother.

"I don't think those are related," I respond, rubbing my eyes.

"Well, whatever it is, you need to sleep." She says. "I prepared a bath for you. Clean up and go to bed."

I make eye contact with Lucifer for an instant. He tilts his head at me and backs her up.

"She's right, you know." He says. "It isn't healthy for a human to stay awake for so long."

"I'm fine." I wave him off, but Mizuki is the one that responds.

"No, you're not. Come on."

I barely have any energy to start a fight with her right now, so I just let her lead me upstairs. Whatever, a quick bath wouldn't hurt, and it is bound to at least energize me a bit to work some more. I'm just about done with the code.

I try to ignore the ominous feeling I've been having since waking up. Now isn't the time to wonder what it is. If the Game won't answer me, then I really have no way of knowing what I'm supposed to be doing. Focus. You have other projects to worry about.

The phantom pain of being slowly beheaded makes me scratch my neck in irritation.

I shouldn't spare it any more thought.


– Sona –

"The church?" Sona frowned in confusion. "What could they want from Kuoh?

"Someone stole a few Excalibur pieces," Rias answered. "And they're convinced that whoever it is is here."

"Are you certain?"

"That's what the letter said." The redhead said, waving the letter from her brother. "They've already gotten permission to look around from the Tojo Clan, so they're warning us to expect them soon and to stay alert."

That was worrying. Who was capable of stealing the Excalibur pieces like that? And why would they possibly even be in Japan, much less Kuoh? Whatever they were plotting, it couldn't be good. Bringing powerful holy weapons to a region under temporary devil control wasn't exactly a great omen.

Even with their intense training a few weeks ago, Sona wasn't exactly confident enough to fight against enemies who could wield the Excalibur pieces. A single graze from them could be fatal to devils of her level.

At least the Yakuza would be backing them up in this endeavor, though. A threat to them was a threat to Akane, and they couldn't have that running around in Kuoh. Being in the presence of the Mad Dog made her feel safer, ironically enough. Aside from the fact that her human friends were formidable anyway.

As a memory from an earlier conversation with Akane resurfaced in her mind, Sona's frown deepened. Could this possibly be Kokabiel's attack? They came to the conclusion that he was very likely going to try to attack them again. Excalibur's thief hiding in Kuoh… It was highly unlikely to be a coincidence. It lines up suspiciously well.

And if it was true, then they had a Satan-class or above threat in their hands. Why would he steal the Excalibur Pieces, though? He was a Fallen Angel, he didn't have a holy factor anymore, meaning he couldn't wield them. He must have allies. Powerful allies.

Still, it felt like he was attacking a tad too early. The Yakuza were still on high alert since last time, so what would he gain from attacking now? More than that, what had stopped him from showing himself the first time his subordinates attacked? He could've caught them all off-guard, but he didn't.

His actions weren't consistent, Sona realized. He was erratic, it felt like he didn't have a plan, just doing random, incomprehensible things to confuse them, which was admittedly very hard for her to counter.

And just when she thought she could relax for a little while, this happened. Of course it would. Like the universe would be fine with letting her have a breather. Well, at the very least, a thief, even if it was Kokabiel, wasn't anywhere near as stressful as the marriage fiasco that'd been plaguing them for years. She could handle this.

She should inform Akane about this. Perhaps devise some sort of strategy to take him down if it came down to it. Sona was sure that the church certainly needed all the help it could get. Plus, if they did stop him, then their reputation would soar, and that was a good thing for everyone. Her bond with Akane and the Yakuza would deepen, and she'd gain a favorable position with the Grigori, Church, and the Angels.

It was easier said than done, of course, but Sona was sure that they'd be able to do it. He might be Satan-class, but they heavily outnumbered him with their own Satan-class and beyond allies like Goro Majima and Taiga Saejima. Even if he had an army, they should be able to handily defeat him.

But it wasn't wise to get arrogant. Sona should be expecting all kinds of nasty surprises because Kokabiel knew what was waiting for him here. He was old and experienced– he must have his reasons to be confident.

…Assuming it's him, after all.

"So what do you think we should do?" Rias asked, sitting on the table in front of her. "Continue our training?"

"I doubt training would do us any good. We don't know when this thief will show himself, and we can't afford to get caught off guard." Sona shook her head. "We should fortify Kuoh with more detection wards and prepare for our meeting with the Church's representatives."

"That seems… kind of passive." Rias raised a brow.

"There isn't much we can do." The Sitri heiress responded.

"Shouldn't we start looking for him ASAP?" The redhead pointed out. "I'm sure we'll find them with the help of the Tojo Clan."

"I'm afraid they won't be of much help to us in this regard," Sona said, confusing Rias. "There is a huge chance that whoever this thief is has the same magic-concealing artifact those fallen angels had."

"What makes you think that?" Her best friend frowned.

Sona paused. It was time to tell her about Kokabiel being a possible threat.

"It's a long story," Sona said. "I held off on telling you at the time."

"Ah…" She blinked. "Why though?"

"Because I didn't want to stress you out even more on top of the Rating Game." The Sitri clarified. "I'm sorry."

"Oh please, it's nothing." Rias waved it off with a cheerful smile. "I know you were just doing it for my sake. No hard feelings."

Sona smiled back and nodded.

"Then follow me." Sona stood up from her seat. "We'll find Akane and tell you everything."

"Oh?" Rias raised a brow, suddenly having an odd grin on her face. "Why Akane?"

"So we can make a proper plan to counter this threat," Sona responded. "Her intelligence and problem-solving skills can be valuable to us."

"Oh really?" Rias' grin widened. "Not for any other reason?"

Sona blinked.

"What are you implying?"

"Nothing, nothing." She giggled. "You know, I heard a rumor spreading in school very recently."

Sona froze as her cheeks reddened slightly. She couldn't possibly be talking about–

"Something about you leaving school grounds with Akane–"

"There is nothing going on between us!" Sona snapped, face burning in embarrassment as she remembered Akane's rather… forceful and attractive invitation.

"I never said anything about that," Rias said smugly. "I just thought it was very out of character for you to ignore the rules like this."

…Well, shit. She walked right into that one. Why did she feel so flustered whenever she thought about that moment?

"But now I have to hear this~"

"Shut up." Sona quickly shot her down. "This isn't the time to be messing around."

Rias only chuckled behind her as the two walked through the hallway, sliding the door to Akane's classroom open. Most students were out for the break, but not seeing Akane there was odd. She never left the classroom on breaks.

…Unless it was for coffee apparently.

Ichiban and Issei were there, and both looked at her and smiled.

"Yo, how's it going?" Ichiban waved, and Rias responded with her own. "Rare of you to visit us here."

"We've been well, thank you for asking," Sona replied politely. "Have you seen Amamiya?"

"She didn't come today," Issei answered, munching on his sandwich.

"Ah…" Well, that was disappointing. She still liked pulling these delinquent acts. "I see. Well, thank you anyway. Remember to keep up with your studies."

"Aye, aye, Cap'n." Issei nodded.

Sona closed the door and addressed the redhead.

"I suppose that'll have to wait until school is over." She said. "We'll directly head to her house. Is that okay with you?"

Rias only smirked, making Sona frown.

"What?"

"Nothing~"

Sona didn't know why, but she'd never felt this powerful an urge to deck her in the face before.


– Shiva –

Unflinchingly gazing at the eyes of the titan in front of him, the God of Destruction waited for his fellow Deus' response. The Greek God of the Underworld was incredible at keeping his composure, even in the face of such horrific news.

Especially seeing how much damage the Demon God did to the Greek Pantheon. That unapologetic bastard used and manipulated them for his own gain, and once they outlived their usefulness, he discarded them like they were nothing.

…As he did to everyone he met on his senseless path of vengeance.

"Lucifer escaped?" Hades repeated from behind his desk, rubbing his beard as his blood-red eyes bore into Shiva's. "And you've yet to discover his whereabouts?"

"Whoever freed him is no joke," Shiva responded calmly, ignoring the cold fury in Hades' tone. "They're powerful and dangerous. Far beyond anything we've seen before."

"And you let that entity escape with Lucifer's blade?"

"None of us could've anticipated this." Once again, Shiva remained calm. "It was too abrupt for any of us. That thing managed to avoid every clairvoyance technique, by gods and mortals alike."

"How is that possible?"

"...It is a being from beyond the dimensional gap." The God of Destruction revealed. "A powerful force, surpassing that of the Great Beasts of Apocalypse."

Hades' eyes narrowed, staying quiet for the moment. He knew Shiva was telling the truth– there was no reason he'd lie about something as big as this. This evil force full of malice was the enemy of all, and Shiva must gather as many allies as possible for when it inevitably showed itself.

The races must unite to face this monster, otherwise, the world will end as every living being was slaughtered by it. Indra wasn't even sure that it would work, making Shiva know that this wasn't something they needed to be arguing about. If Indra, one of the biggest advocates for peace, was this disheartened about it…

Then there's no telling what kind of abomination they would be facing.

"I know we weren't always on good terms." Shiva started. "But this is beyond just you and me. It's beyond our pantheons. The world's fate is at stake, and we must work together."

Hades looked at Shiva for a solid moment, as if he was searching the Destroyer's soul for anything that could even have a hint of deception. It took a while, but then Hades was ready to answer, only for the pool of blood at the end of the hallway behind Shiva to start bubbling, prompting the God of the Underworld to scoff.

Shiva was confused for a moment, but from the pool, a pale, handsome young man with black hair and heterochromatic eyes walked out with a frustrated huff. He wore a red tunic that left the right side of his chest and shoulder exposed, and in his hand was a powerful artifact in the shape of a sword.

Stygius. Shiva thought.

"Died to the Furies again?" Hades mocked. "Stand down, boy. Trying to escape is a futile effort."

"I've gotten sick of this place. I'm leaving." The boy responded firmly. "I don't care how many times I die. You won't stop me."

He didn't even give Shiva a glance as he left the main office, leaving the Destroyer God confused.

"That boy–"

"I'll speak to Zeus and we'll discuss whether we'll lend a hand against this threat of yours or not," Hades said, avoiding Shiva's question. "Keep your expectations low."

The God of Destruction paused but then nodded.

"I see." He said simply. "Thank you for giving me the time."

Hades gave the slightest nod of respect he could muster, prompting Shiva to teleport back to his own realm. As small as it was, it was still a step in the right direction.

Here's hoping that lightning bastard wouldn't act like a child for once.

Hmm, I wonder what this last scene implies.

Also, I have one more chapter saved up, so like I did in draconic, here's the deal.

I receive: Reviews

You receive: That chapter early

Also also, finally got a commission of Mizuki done.

Spoiler: Best Mom
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Spooks451, A Simurgh Plot, Axel Fones and 222 others
Mirlnir
May 12, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 27: Randomly Inconsistent
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 20, 2023
Add bookmark
#509
I've almost forgotten how fun it was to bully the dungeon monsters. I guess getting no direct benefits like levels might've turned me off for a bit, but seeing how there's little I can do when stuff in my laptop takes a long time to actually install…

Well, first of all, I need a better device. That laptop stayed with me since I was twelve, but I digress. Refining my ice magic or sword masteries wouldn't be so bad. I'm pretty skilled in the former, so spending time developing new skills should be good for the upcoming fight ahead. I have all the damage I need with how many buffs I have, but I've yet to make decent defensive spells.

And that's what I really need. As I've reiterated many times, I'm easy to kill due to my abysmally low HP compared to everyone else, and I don't have a way to raise it in a substantial way, so my best bet would be to up my defense significantly.

I'm not confident I can even take a single hit from Kokabiel without keeling over. It's why I'm rushing to make my prototype suit– I need good armor so I don't die out there. I don't have the luxury of getting so much HP by regular training like everyone else. Which, while annoying, is understandable. My existence is fundamentally different because of the system, and the system gives out so many advantages and very few disadvantages.

I have Ice Flesh and Ice Skin, and I've evolved the latter to give me a few more layers of protection, while also making an entirely new spell. Ice Armor, which comes in the shape of medieval knight armor that covers my entire body. Looks sleek too, so I don't suffer any mobility issues in it.

It's not enough, of course. Sure, it's tough and can tank quite a lot of damage before breaking – 7k points worth of protection is no joke – but I'm gonna be dealing with a Cadre here, so at least higher ends of ultimate class.

So in that case, I made multiple other spells. Seeing how I can create ice minions and turrets that can act somewhat independently of me, I made a spell called "Frozen Spirit" that makes ice spheres that float around me, and whenever an enemy approaches, it automatically shoots them with ice shards without draining any of my mana.

Though they're easy to destroy, they have trouble following me if I fly too fast. But it'll do for now. I can make a lot of them at once and they have a low MP cost. I also managed to evolve every single ice construct spell, so every knight, soldier, or archer I make will be decently strong.

So if Kokabiel has an army, so will I.

Even with all that, though, I have a strong gut feeling that it won't be easy, which is obvious. This isn't like the weak, low-class fallen angels we dealt with before. This is a high-ranking officer with some pieces of the Excalibur.

But if I manage to finish the prototype before the next arc starts – better yet, perfect it – then I'll have prepared as much as possible. Plus, as much as I would hate to show it, I still have Excelsis in case things get bad.

I would meditate to get that tempered fury perk or whatever its called, but unless I'm absolutely sure I'd be safe for a while, at least a few months, I think a better use of my time would be working on my Engineer class or refining my magic.

Though, levels are hard to come by. I've basically exhausted all possible quests that could give me EXP, and until I reach level 150, the dungeons aren't gonna be helping that much. My best bet would be to go on psychopathic murder sprees across Japan, which doesn't sound safe.

Because I doubt I'll find anyone that can give me worthwhile EXP unless I either eat the souls of those I kill, or I instead try to attack yakuza or something, and the latter is a hilariously shitty idea. I'd be fucked the moment I get found out.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 120

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Swordmaster - LVL 20/100 [33%]

Secondary Class - Engineer - LVL 86/100 [87%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 10,350 [690 per minute]

MP - 19,520 [10,632 per minute]

SP - 10,350 [690 per minute]

STR - 920

END - 690

DEX - 940

INT - 1952

WIS - 1772

CHA - 1190

LUK – 500

I frown slightly at what I see. Leveling up my Engineer class did give a significant increase in my intelligence and wisdom, but not nearly enough to help. And it isn't my mental stats that I'm worried about. What's the point of high attack damage if I can't even see what I'm fighting? Or if I'm killed in a single hit?

Also, I doubt eating souls will actually give EXP to open up the new dungeons. It'd be just a stat increase and some skills. I'm hoping I get the finishing blow on Kokabiel, as unlikely as it is, because the number of experience points I'd be getting from him would be massive, especially with my Rising Star perk.

At least I'm close to picking a new secondary class. I have that going for me I guess.

Quest added

[Plucking this Warhawk's Feathers] – Quest

Objective: Defeat Kokabiel

Bonus Objective A: Kill Kokabiel

Bonus Objective B: Prevent Kokabiel from killing anyone

Rewards: Major EXP, 125+ to all stats, 1 Epic Gacha Token

Bonus Rewards A: 50+ to all stats, [Purger of Sins], 1 Legendary Gacha Token

Bonus Rewards B: Major EXP, 250+ CHA, [Guardian Angel] Title, 1 Epic Gacha Token

Thanks, Game. I'm guessing Purger of Sins is an item considering it doesn't specify if it's a perk or title. Also, more legendary tokens. If the last one got me that busted perk, then you know for damn sure I'll be going straight for his head to get my second one.

…That second bonus objective doesn't bode well, though.

"To be able to easily control so many of these constructs…" Lucifer hums to himself as he watches the zombies get slaughtered by my knights. "You're quite talented for someone your age, even if Youjutsu is significantly easier to wield than human magic."

"I'm just that special," I say modestly, trying to evolve my Frozen Spirit.

He pauses once he turns to look at me.

"I suppose you are." He plays along in amusement. "Among the few Yuki Onna I've seen back then, I'd say you're the most talented of them by a sizable margin."

I glance at him, frowning in confusion at the knowing smile. I'm about to ask him what he's looking at before my phone starts ringing. I've already spent two hours in here? Ugh, I feel like I've barely made enough progress.

With only a few minutes remaining, I quickly head back to my room before dispelling the dungeon. I don't know what will happen if I wait the whole two hours within a dungeon, but I'm not testing that out.

You'd be locked in the dungeon forever.

Seriously?

Gullible.

No. You'll only be forcibly kicked out.

Fuck you too.

"That was rather abrupt," Lucifer states. "And what was the irritating noise just now?"

"An alarm I set up," I respond as I wave my phone.

"Oh?" He inspects the device up close. "This 'phone' of yours can do many things, I've noticed. What a marvelous tool."

"Uh, yeah…" I blink, having to remind myself that this guy has zero understanding of modern-day technology. "I'd get you one if you wanted, but I don't think you can really use it considering… you know…"

"Oh no, I fully understand." He smiles at me gratefully. "I do appreciate the thought, though."

…Why the fuck is he so nice. I don't like it.

That's when my phone rings again, this time from an incoming call.

"Hello?" I answer, not checking who it is.

"Finally. I've been trying to call you for twenty minutes now." Sona sighs.

"My bad, the battery was dead." I lie smoothly. "Need anything?"

"Yes. It's urgent." She says. "Are you free at the moment? We're on our way to you."

Oh, I don't like this. So soon?

"Just…Meet me at the usual cafe," I say, resisting a groan.

…Please don't tell me that arc is starting now.


– Sona –

"Perhaps we should've done this at a later date," Sona said with a worried frown as she sat next to the redhead in their usual cafe.

"It's fine," Akane responded, very obviously not fine. "I'm just a bit tired. That's all."

'Bit tired' she says. She looks like she's about to collapse at any given moment, so much so that Sona already forgave her for skipping school today. Honestly, she didn't know what Akane was doing before coming here, but she certainly wasn't sleeping.

She looked noticeably sluggish and irate, the bags under her eyes were clear to see. If she'd been awake since yesterday, then that's 48 hours of not sleeping a wink. That was not good or healthy for a human, even if they were as powerful as Akane.

Honestly, Sona regretted giving her a call to meet up. It should've been obvious to her from Akane's voice, but she chalked it off as nothing. Unfortunately, Sona also didn't think she had a lick of a chance of convincing her to go back home and sleep.

"So what did you call me for?" Akane asked, rubbing her eyes. "I hope it's important. I'm this close to finishing up my first project."

"What project?" Rias asked.

"You'll see later." She answered vaguely.

"Well, I would've texted you if it wasn't. Instead of meeting up," Sona explained, returning to the main subject. "We've just gotten informed of the Church's presence here. They'll be arriving in Kuoh tomorrow morning."

Akane noticeably paused at the information, absorbing it relatively quickly for someone so tired.

"And what exactly do they want?" She questioned. "I assume it's for something important."

"Someone stole some of the Excalibur pieces," Rias explained. "And the Church believes that the thief is here."

"More than that, we have good reason to think that this thief is Kokabiel," Sona added.

"...Makes sense," Akane replied after a moment, taking a sip from her coffee. "A bit random, but it's also too big of a coincidence."

"That's what I thought as well." The Sitri Heiress nodded. "He's inconsistent considering his earlier actions, and I'll admit, that's gotten me a bit stumped on how to handle him."

"Aside from casting and fortifying a few detection wards, there isn't much we can do," Rias said. "I personally think we should look for him ourselves, but if he has the same concealing artifacts those low-class Fallen Angels had, then I'm not sure we'll end up with much."

Akane hummed, thinking to herself.

"That's the problem, isn't it?" Sona sighed. "I don't know where he got such powerful items from, but with them, he has a massive advantage over us. All he needs is the perfect opportunity to attack, and we wouldn't know anything until it's too late. Our best bet would be to focus on defense in such a situation. That way, we can at least minimize our losses assuming the worst happens."

"And what do you mean focus on defense?" Akane raised a brow. "Wards aren't gonna do much in the grand scheme of things."

"Well, in general, I suppose sticking together more often would be wise." She clarified. "That way he'd have a more difficult time dividing and conquering. As I said, all he needs is a second to crumble all of our defenses. A single death from either of our factions would be devastating."

Akane paused for a moment, then smirked.

"If you wanted to spend time with me that much, you could just ask, y'know." She replied.

"Yeah, Sona. We won't judge~" Rias giggled.

"Can we focus on the matter at hand, please?" Sona scoffed, blushing slightly. "Please, there's time and place for everything."

"Sorry. But sticking together at all times might tip him off, and he'd be a lot more careful because of it." Akane argued, leaning on her chair as she thought more deeply about it. "But so will the arriving church emissaries, so that argument doesn't work. Hm…"

"About that, how are we gonna handle them?" Rias questioned. "I'll be honest, I'm not looking forward to them coming here."

"Nobody is." Sona agreed. "We'll just be as cordial as we could be. They aren't a fan of us, yes, but they would not try to start something on foreign grounds. They will suffer dire consequences otherwise."

"Ugh." The redhead rolled her eyes. "Why did the Tojo Clan even let them in, anyway?"

"Because they're a relatively neutral faction," Her childhood friend explained. "And keeping good relations with everyone is what they should be doing."

"Lure him out maybe?" Akane suddenly said.

The two devils blinked at her, not expecting her sudden quip.

"Pardon?" Sona tilted her head.

"Our best bet at dealing with Kokabiel." She clarified. "We should find a way to lure him out of hiding, then promptly take him out and his allies in one fell swoop."

"That sounds… dangerous." Sona frowned.

"And plausible." Rias shrugged, agreeing with the human girl. "I mean, what else can we do really? It's the best way of surprising him."

"Problem is finding a suitable bait." Akane thought out loud. "Something that he'd risk this weird plan of his over."

"Well, he likes war." The redhead helpfully supplied. "...That just about covers my knowledge of him."

"That'd be using one of us as the bait," Sona said, her frown deepening. "That is absolutely a bad idea. He's much more powerful than any of us, and who knows what kind of allies he has."

"Or–" Akane smirked. "We use them instead."

The two devils blinked in confusion, knowing what she was implying, but not understanding her reasoning.

"Think about it, he straight up stole Excalibur pieces. That's a big risk right there." She explained. "Means he's luring out the church, or he wants the Excalibur for one reason or another."

"But why here?" Rias raised a point. "In a heavily protected area? Especially after his last stunt?"

"That I can't explain right now, but if I had to guess…" Akane paused, putting a hand on her chin as she thought about it. "...Kill us, start a war, get the other pieces, then use them as ransom to blackmail the church and Great Seraphs into siding with the Grigori."

"That… seems fairly reasonable," Sona replied. "It would start a massive war between four factions, perhaps bigger than the previous Great War."

"Would the Great Seraphs really side with the Grigori over some swords?" The redhead seemed a bit apprehensive. "They wouldn't do that… would they?"

"We're talking about a legendary weapon here," Akane argued. "I wouldn't doubt it."

"Okay, but keep this in mind:" Rias argued. "While the Excalibur is an incredibly powerful weapon, even when separated, the Angels are struggling enough as it is with their low numbers. I don't think they'd take the risk."

"They still have You-Know-Who with them, though," Sona noted, making Akane blink in confusion. "Injured as he is, he's still incredibly formidable. His very existence is a massive advantage to the church and Great Seraphs."

"That's true…" The Gremory Heiress hummed in thought. "But wouldn't he join our side? I mean, with three factions allying themselves, the Grigori would not stand a chance, and the Angels would just take the pieces back off Kokabiel's cold corpse."

"What do you mean by You-Know-Who?" Akane interjected with a question.

"Leader of the Great Seraphs," Rias answered. "...I'm not risking a migraine just to say his name."

"Fair enough." She responded. "Well, considering how old Kokabiel is, he might know how the inner mechanisms of the Excalibur work."

"Meaning?" Sona frowned.

"Meaning he either hides them somewhere where nobody can find them," She pointed out. "Or, in a worst-case scenario, he destroys them. Permanently."

"That's impossible," Rias said. "The Excalibur is one of the most powerful artifacts ever made."

"It's in pieces, Rias." Akane countered coolly. "Someone or something broke the combined Excalibur. What makes you think its weaker fragments can't be destroyed?"

Rias tried to argue but quickly conceded.

"That is a good point," Sona said. "I assume we have a good grasp on his motives for now."

"We just have to wait for the church people to get here," Akane spoke before finishing her coffee. "Then we can get rid of him for good."

The two devils shuffled uncomfortably at the implication. They weren't exactly allies, but Sona wasn't sure she felt alright with using them like this, and neither was Rias. It felt… too scummy. Akane noticed it and tilted her head, putting the cup on the table.

"What?"

"Nothing, it's just…" Sona scratched her cheek, still somewhat unsure. "...I wish there was another way, though."

"What else do we have?" Akane shrugged. "It's either them or us, and honestly? I like us more than them."

"I guess I understand, but I dunno," Rias looked away. "It still feels a bit wrong to use them like this."

"Tough." She said bluntly, not one bit uncomfortable with the idea.

Sona knew the girl was pragmatic, but this was a bit too much for her liking. She was right, though, as much as the devil disliked to admit it. It was either them or the church.

"Then I suppose we have a plan, as bare bones as it is," Sona said. "We'll think of the details at a later date."

"I have time."

"After you've had your sleep." She deadpanned, adjusting her glasses. "In the meantime, we'll get ready for the church's emissaries."

"Seriously, you need to go to bed soon," Rias said as the two devil girls stood up from their seats. "You have time until tomorrow, and I don't think you want to be meeting them half-dead."

"Shut up, I'll do what I want." Akane half-heartedly slapped Rias' hand away as the latter tried to pat her head. "You just worry about not fucking up the meeting yourself."

"This is what I get for being nice." Rias groaned, throwing her hands up in the air.

"Yeah, you should let Sona do all the talking for you."

"You know what? Fuck you." The redhead scowled before walking away on her own. "Emo bitch."

As Rias left the cafe, Akane snorted.

"She's way too easy to make fun of." She muttered.

"It's good she doesn't take your insults to heart." Sona sighed, exasperated and amused. "Otherwise, she'd be more depressed than when she had to deal with the marriage."

"I'm just building her character," Akane stated with a smirk. "She should be thanking me."

Sona rolled her eyes.

"I agree with her, though. Do take care of yourself." She said, "Before the meeting at least. I'm sure whatever project you're working on can wait."

"...No promises, but I'll try to get a few hours of sleep."

"That's all I ask." Sona smiled softly. "I'll see you tomorrow."

And on that note, the devil left Akane on her own, a thoughtful frown taking over her face as she walked out of the cafe. Now to prepare for a meeting with their worst enemy and an incoming battle…

She sighed deeply.

There truly was no rest for her, was there?


– Akane –

"You know…" Lucifer starts as we walk back home. "I have yet to ask you about the current political scene. Clearly much has changed since I lived."

"Finally had enough of asking about toasters and fridges?" I mutter quietly.

He chuckles in amusement.

"I suppose." He responds. "I'll admit, I've never been a fan of politics. I used to simply crush my enemies and take what I wanted."

"And that just elevated you several tiers in the fun department." I snort. "Politics fucking suck, but unfortunately, this isn't a game where I can win by not playing."

"Well put." He nods. "So then, mind explaining the general situation? At least, what exactly happened after my death."

I pause, thinking about this for a moment. Well, it's not like I'm revealing anything sensitive. Might as well…

"Devils had a civil war. Half wanted to follow after your example, other half didn't, instead wanting to build a normal civilization." I summarize, keeping my voice quiet. "The latter practically won, and so they crowned four devils as the new Satans. Sirzechs Lucifer – who took your place – Serafall Leviathan, Ajuka Beezlebub, and Falbium Asmodeus."

"Hmm, that explains why those young devils felt different," Lucifer mutters. "They barely had any of the evil my old companions did. Fascinating. What caused such a change? And they defeated the older generation you say?"

"I don't know the details, but the New Satans are incredibly powerful, so much so that a lot of devils believe Sirzechs surpassed you," I respond.

After seeing Excelsis, though, I doubt that's even close to true. The sword itself isn't even awakened, and it's probably more powerful than Satan-Class devils. I don't know how powerful Lucifer was before his death, but he's certainly way beyond Sirzechs.

"Oh?" He chuckles. "Is my reign of terror that easily forgotten? I'm almost insulted. What about the angels? Someone must be leading my siblings after Father's demise."

So he is a former angel? Good to know.

"...I think Micheal took over the throne," I answer, trying to remember the details.

It's so tough, though. Aside from my slowly disappearing metaknowledge, which is incredibly worrying, I can't think properly. I haven't slept in a long while, but I still have an important project to finish before Kokabiel shows up.

I don't have a lot of time left.

Of course, the fucking arc starts as soon as I'm done with that dumb Rating Game.

"Did he?" Lucifer's smile dropped as a somewhat worried frown took over his face. "...I see."

I notice it and raise a brow.

"What's wrong?"

"Micheal is a bit too…. soft, compared to the others." He clarifies. "Taking over the throne means he'd be able to hear and see everyone who worships my father."

"Okay?" I blink, still not getting it. "Implying…?"

"...No, it's nothing. You do not have to concern yourself over such things." He shakes his head. "And what of Azazel?"

"Dunno. Nothing's changed, I guess." I respond. "As far as I know, anyhow. Well, aside from one of his own trying to restart a war."

"...Kokabiel had always been quite the unstable fellow," He notes. "But I did not think he was bold enough to do something like this. Interesting."

"He probably has strong allies." I point out. "Like, very strong allies."

I know he had that Valper guy in the original story, but in this case, this doesn't seem enough for him to do something like that. This isn't regular DxD– it isn't just Rias and Sona he has to worry about. The Yakuza Patriarchs here are absurdly powerful from what I know. Plus, I don't know why he wants the sword pieces other than the conclusion I've come to.

I could be wrong here, and that's making me a bit anxious.

…I have a bad feeling about this. I barely have enough time to make my prototype suit, and my car isn't here, so I can't complete it yet. What enemies should I be expecting? And is Kokabiel's goal really just restarting a war? If yes, why is he in such a hurry?

It feels like he's rushing an otherwise very careful, if strange, plan, but why? It's so weird and frustrating because I can't figure it out. He knows or has something while I don't, and it's extremely worrying. And annoying.

I shake those thoughts out of my head. There's no point dwelling on them, not when I'm busy with my current project. Rather than spending brain power on the whys and hows, I should focus on building what could possibly counter him completely, or at the very least, protect me.

"That much is obvious." Lucifer agrees. "Hm, who could it possibly be?"

I don't respond as I open the garage of my home, pausing as I don't see my laptop or robot anywhere. I frown, confused and already annoyed as I look for them around, finding nothing. I'm pretty sure I left them here–

"What did I tell you last night?"

I nearly jump as my mother's voice startles me, turning around to see her with her arms crossed and a look of disapproval on her face. I instinctively scowl as I quickly connect the dots. I'm not patient enough to deal with her shit right now.

"Where did you put my stuff?"

"First thing you do after you see me is accuse me of crimes I might've not committed?" She raises a brow before grinning. "Who knows~"

"I do not want to deal with you right now." I ground out with gritted teeth. "Give me my shit back."

"Nu-uh. Not until you go to bed." She refuses. "You're not getting your toys until you sleep for at least eight hours. I've decided to woman up and be a mother this time around."

"First time for everything."

"Okay, first of all, ouch." She replies, not one bit afraid of my rising power or hurt by my scathing words. "Second, I'm doing this for your own good."

I reflexively cast a sphere of ice at her, aiming to hurt her, but she easily slaps it away before gasping.

"Ah! How could you attack me, your mother and the most awesomest woman in the world?!" She cries all dramatically, which only fuels my annoyance at her. "Have you no shame, delinquent daughter of mine?!"

"I'm NOT in the mood for your stupid fucking games," I growl. "Give me my stuff back before I lodge the next one up your ass."

"See, you would've been in the mood if you had some sleep, so go to bed right now." She states confidently, not intimidated at all. "I promise I won't do anything with your stuff in the meantime. I even swear on my honor to protect them with my life."

"Perhaps you should listen to her," Lucifer says before I continue my assault. "You will not be able to work efficiently as you are now."

I continue to glare at her, while she simply gives me a confident and rather irritating smirk until my tense scowl softens. If I want to control my emotions, I shouldn't let this get to my head. I'm tired and I really need to sleep if something like this was enough to piss me off.

An hour or two wouldn't hurt. And Lucifer is right– It'd be smarter of me if I worked on the prototype suit if I'm energetic and had my rest. Less likely to make errors that way. I can feel my magical power gradually decrease once I let out a frustrated huff, calming my nerves as I concede to her demands.

"Fine." I sigh. "I'll take a nap, I guess. I better see my project back where it was once I wake up, or else."

"You will, don't worry." Mizuki nods in satisfaction. "I'll even get you a little surprise when you wake up."

"Whatever." I roll my eyes, walking past her.

"Goodnight!"

"Piss off."

I quickly put an alarm on my phone to wake me up in exactly two hours. Eight hours is way too much time spent sleeping. I'll just pretend that I couldn't go back to sleep or whatever. I can use the extra hours to finally begin working on the prototype suit.

I pause for a moment then add several more alarms.

Just in case.


I have nothing witty to say this time. Only that TOTK has brought my relatively consistent writing speed to a screeching halt.

Sorry.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, A Simurgh Plot, wolfFry1132 and 217 others
Mirlnir
May 20, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 28: Blessed Allies
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 24, 2023
Add bookmark
#520
– Rias –

"She skipped school again." The redhead said as she looked out of the window of the student council office, making Sona sigh. "I should be surprised that she doesn't give a crap about it, but I'm not. For how little I know of her personally, this does sound like her."

"All she has to do is show up," Sona muttered, rubbing the bridge of her nose. "It's not like she's having any trouble with the material. She's getting full marks across all tests."

"In her defense, I wouldn't bother showing up if I knew everything already." Rias shrugged. "Considering she has some project she's working on. What do you think?"

"I think she should grow up and drop these delinquent acts if she wants to be at the top."

"I meant the project." She clarified. "I've been thinking about it since she brought it up. Maybe something that could help with the training?"

"I don't know, and I don't care," Sona responded in frustration.

Rias paused for a moment.

"You know, Sona, not everyone is going to follow all the rules to the letter like you do." She said, a bit exasperated. "You're better off not letting it get to you. We had her school records before she got here, should've been obvious from the start."

"It's a miracle how she wasn't held back a single year. Her marks are always perfect, yes, but from a disciplinary standpoint…" Sona flipped through the pages of Akane's school record. "Missing thirty percent of school days? Getting in a fight nearly every single day throughout middle school?"

"Wow." Rias blinked. "That's impressive."

"It's infuriating." Sona huffed. "Having a temper is one thing, but zero respect for any kind of authority is something else entirely."

The redhead smiled in amusement at her childhood friend's complaints. Even Sona could get childish from time to time, and if there was one thing that truly provoked her, it was someone not caring about the rules.

She's always been like this from what Rias could remember. She didn't know what made her like this, but if she had to guess… She was going to blame Serafall. That woman was an absolute menace to everyone she knew, including poor Sona.

Honestly, Rias found this trait of Sona's absolutely adorable. She'd always been the cool, calm, and mature one out of the two, the redhead could admit that, but seeing her this close to throwing a tantrum because someone decided to follow their own rules…

Well, it was hilarious. But she wouldn't say that, not when Sona still had a significant power advantage over her. She could be scary when she was angry.

"Listen, it's very obvious that Akane couldn't care about it even if she tried," Rias said. "Like I said, you're better off just not caring about it either."

Sona put her glasses back on and sighed again.

"You're right." She admitted. "We have too many things to worry about, and Akane's terrible school record should not be one of them."

"That's the spirit." Rias grinned, walking towards the exit. "Anyway, my class is about to start now. See you on break. "

As soon as the redhead slid the door open, a phone on the table in front of Sona began to vibrate, making the two devils pause. Sona quickly took her device and answered the call, a frown of confusion on her face.

"Hello?" She blinked, frown deepening. "Mr. Majima? How did you get my number?"

Rias leaned backward, trying to pick up on what the Mad Dog might be saying to her childhood friend.

"...I see," Sona muttered after a moment. "Thank you for informing me. We'll meet up with them immediately."

Sona ended the call and looked at Rias, who immediately understood what had happened.

"A lot earlier than I thought." The redhead said.

"Indeed." Sona nodded, trying to call Akane. "...She's not answering her phone. We can't start the meeting without her."

"I'll fetch Ichiban," Rias responded.

Exiting the student council room, she quickly made her way to Akane's class, skipping a step in a hurry. As she opened the door, she quickly made eye contact with Ichiban, who blinked in surprise. She gestured for him to come out, and he did, looking a bit confused.

Once he closed the door behind him, Rias spoke.

"I need you to get Akane." She said.

He paused, still confused.

"Uh, okay?" He scratched the back of his head. "Bit of an abrupt thing to ask."

"It's important." She replied. "Bring her to the occult clubroom. Tell her the church is here."

"Wait, the church?" He frowned. "The hell are they doing here?"

"She'll explain everything to you," Rias said. "Just go get her, and please be quick about it."

"I'm going, I'm going," Ichiban said, jogging away.

Once he was out of sight, Rias turned back to Sona, who followed her.

"Let's meet them," Sona said.

Rias nodded seriously, not liking this situation one bit.

Why did they have to deal with the church of all factions, who were basically their arch-enemies? And now they'd be forced to help with retrieving holy weapons used to kill her own kind?

What a pain.


– Lucifer –

Seeing his extended arm slowly fading away made the deceased Demon King hum in interest. He pulled his limb back, looking back at the house as he quickly made the calculations. Around twenty meters away from Akane was his limit, then? Much bigger than he expected. Any more and he'd be forced into his fully formless self and back to Akane's side.

Still, it was about time he tested this. He'd been so distracted by the fascinating human-made technology, and who could blame him? They were still fighting with swords and bows when last he saw them, and now they had all these incredible tools that could do practically everything.

And it wasn't like those 'phones' or 'microwaves' were reserved for royalty. No, even the common folk were able to get their hands on them. Just how much had humanity thrived while he was stuck in that prison? How much had they advanced?

It was as mind-boggling as it was expected. He knew why his father was so intrigued with humanity, because while devils, angels, and the other pantheons were content with staying where they were, humans had one thing on their minds, and it was progress.

They, as a collective species, only cared about knowledge. Yes, they were easy to kill. Yes, they were incredibly and hilariously easy to tempt into sin and self-destruction. But he'd be a fool to ignore just how baffling their achievements truly were once they banded together.

No magic to help in most of their endeavors and revolutionary discoveries and inventions. Only pure determination and trial by fire. This practically proved his father right, didn't it? Humanity truly had limitless potential.

I'll give you this one. Lucifer smirked as his anger simultaneously flared. You old bastard.

What a phenomenal race. Ah, if only he was there to witness it all, to see exactly how they got to this point. Unfortunately, Lucifer had a war to worry about. A pointless one, but a war all the same.

With the approximate limit of his range in mind, Lucifer simply walked back to the house, enjoying the warm air and sun. Well, he couldn't really feel either of those, but he imagined it felt nice.

He pursed his lips in mild annoyance as he phased through the door. Not having a physical body or being able to feel anything was a lot more depressing than he initially thought. The only things he could touch at the moment were that accursed sword and Akane whenever she held said sword.

…Perhaps he should've done more than just bind himself to Excelsis, and instead created an entirely new body. He sighed to himself. Well, no point in thinking about his past mistakes. Otherwise, he'd be too depressed to do anything.

Lucifer glanced at Akane's mother, who was lying on the couch in front of the 'Tee Vee', watching some sort of play with a bored look. He held off on telling the daughter this, but this woman here…

"Interesting…" He muttered to himself.

Disregarding the odd seal on her magic, she was unfathomably powerful, so much so that she far surpassed the original Yuki Onna. It was insane that she and her daughter were even related, seeing the unbelievably vast gap in their magic.

And this was not something you could cultivate with training. Lucifer could tell that she was born with this.

But unlike Akane's controlled and serene energy, her mother felt like it was on the verge of blowing up and freezing the continent, regardless of her emotional state. What an abnormal bloodline– one was born with an insane amount of magic that it was a miracle she survived at birth, and her daughter had none of the power, yet all the talent.

"Psshhh, they don't make good movies anymore." Mizuki snorted, talking to herself. "Should just stick to anime…"

"Mizuki-san, they're done." The nun said from behind the counter, holding a tray of unusual baked goods. "This is my first time baking brownies, so I hope you like them."

"Oooooh!" The older woman clasped her hands together as she sat up on the couch, looking quite excited. "They already smell real good! Bring 'em here!"

The blond girl's smile brightened as she put the 'brownies' on a plate, putting it on the table in front of the couch as she sat down next to Mizuki. In one swift movement, Mizuki snatched one and stuffed it in her face, seemingly enjoying the taste if her squeal of delight was anything to go by.

"Sho good~!" She moaned, swallowing the snack. "Is this really your first time?"

The younger girl blushed and looked away in response, loving the positive attention she was getting. Lucifer, on the other hand, was eying the snack with an almost sorrowful expression. He couldn't even smell them…

Pain.

As the two enjoyed each other's company, one of those annoying ringing tones sounded out, making Lucifer scrunch up his face in distaste. Mizuki paused and pulled her phone from her pocket, answering a call in a rather aggressive manner.

"The hell do you want, Majima?" She said.

Lucifer's eyebrow rose as he leaned forward, wanting to hear the conversation.

"...Ya still mad?" He questioned. "Sheesh, chill already, will ya? We're on the same side."

"Out with it, dipshit," Mizuki growled.

"Aight, fine, fine." The man known as 'Majima' sighed, then his tone changed significantly. "Electricity just cut off for us."

"What? How?"

"Dunno, but you know power randomly cutting off doesn't happen for us. " He responded, making Lucifer significantly more interested. "If I had to guess, it's the Amon."

Mizuki visibly froze as the Demon King rubbed his chin. Amon? Did he mean one of the devil's pillars? But they got extinct relatively quickly. Did one survive the war?

"What…?"

"Just thought I'd warn you." He continued. "I doubt they're attacking us, probably just an intimidation tactic or some shit."

Mizuki suddenly got off her seat and nearly rushed upstairs before being stopped by Majima.

"Calm down. She's safe." He said, stopping the mother in place. "Your home is the most guarded location in Kuoh. They're not getting through us that easily."

"Right… right…" Mizuki took a deep breath. "I can still sense her anyway. I just panicked."

"Mizuki-san?" Asia blinked, looking worried.

Mizuki paused for a moment before a strained smile made its way onto her face, her hand running through the nun's blond hair.

"It's fine, don't worry about it." She said to the younger girl quietly.

Asia, however, did not look one bit convinced, frowning and tearing her gaze away from Mizuki.

"Well, it's understandable," Majima replied. "Just wanted to keep you in the loop this time around. Guess the Chairman told you about the exorcists?"

"Yes, I got a call from him yesterday." She said, plopping back onto the couch.

"Good."

There was a pregnant pause after his short response, but as Mizuki was about to promptly end the call, he spoke once more.

"Break the seal, Mizuki-chan." He suddenly said. "Bad shit might happen soon, and we need your help."

"I'm working on it." She clicked her tongue. "Anything else?"

"Nah, that's about it really." He chuckled. "Say hi to Akane-chan for–"

That's when Mizuki ended the call and threw the phone away with a frustrated huff, stuffing her face with more brownies. Lucifer leaned forward as he absorbed the information. The 'Amons' have somehow cut off the power?

Frankly, Lucifer did not know what that phrase truly meant, but that didn't sound like a positive thing, and if Mizuki's reaction when their name was spoken was anything to go by… She had some history with them.

So they were still alive, weren't they? He saw their clan head get torn apart by Uriel piece by piece before being incinerated into ashes, and last he checked, he didn't have any descendants. Unless one of his concubines had his child without him knowing.

Lucifer's eyes narrowed in thought. Is it truly the Amon pillar, or was it something else?

Regardless, this was some good information he could share with Akane. Perhaps he'd be able to gain her favor and get answers to some of his questions, like her strange proficiency with spatial and dimensional magic. That certainly wasn't part of a Yokai's arsenal.

As the warm mood from before slowly returned, a knock on the front door was heard, prompting all three to look in that direction. Asia acted first and opened the door, revealing the boy with the draconic presence.

Lucifer hummed, still not being able to put his finger on it. Why did it feel so familiar?

"Oh, Icchan!" Mizuki greeted warmly, waving at him. "What a surprise! Here to say hello to your favorite aunty?"

"Wish it was the case." He smiled. "Is Akane here? She's not answering my calls."

"Yup, she's sleeping." She pointed at the ceiling. "You can go wake her up if you want to. I think she had enough sleep. Her room is the second door on the right from across the hallway."

"Uh…" Ichiban blinked as he saw her get up. "Can't you do it? You're her mother…"

"Nu-uh." She took her jacket. "Come on, Asia, we're going shopping."

"Huh? O-okay." Asia looked just as confused, complying with the older woman's demands.

"Wait, where are you going?!" The boy questioned, looking flustered as Mizuki walked past him. "You can't expect me to go knocking on her door!"

"You can't expect me to do that either."

"You're her mom!"

"And she is going to murder me because I didn't wake her up earlier." She countered as she put on her sunglasses, making Lucifer chuckle in amusement. "She's your problem now."

"Wait– but I–"

That was when she closed the door on him, leaving him inside. Ichiban looked at the door, then at the stairway, then sighed deeply.

"She's going to kill me…"

Lucifer knew this was going to be incredibly entertaining.



– Akane –

Where… exactly am I right now? It's pitch black in here, and this scene feels very familiar for some reason. What was I doing before this? I was working on something. Something very important, but for the life of me, I can't remember what it was.

I can't…. really think properly. Every thought in my head feels like a haze. I don't know what's going on, or where I am, but it's weirdly calm. I should be afraid right now. I think. Maybe. But all I can feel right now is… recognition…?

That's when a bright flash of golden light shatters the darkness I'm in as I feel several emotions at once. I still can't think well enough to know what is going on, nor am I able to see anything substantial because of this blinding light, but alongside recognition, I feel…

Childlike joy, wonder, excitement, and so much more. I don't know what this is, I don't know what's causing it, but it's very pleasant. I want to feel more of it. I need more of it.

"....eni…."

I can hear something. No, someone. I can't make out what they're saying, and it feels important, but I don't really care. I just want more of what I'm feeling.

More lights flash in front of me, making everything blurrier. Blue, yellow, and red explode in every corner of my vision. Strange and inexplicable but loud noises make it impossible to hear anything else.

This is when I feel something make contact with my fist, prompting those emotions to burst forth even more. Something else touches my face to push me away, and once again, that greatly heightens those emotions.

"St…….Mon……."

The ethereal voices continue calling for something, but I still can't understand what they're trying to say. As I try to force myself to feel nice again, a lot of things push me somewhere. I've yet to comprehend what the hell is going on, but all I know is that it feels incredible.

Again, I try to feel it again, extending and finally seeing my arm for the first time as my vision slowly begins to clear. I can see… three figures, one in orange, one in blue, and one in black. Looking at them makes my heart swell with excitement and happiness.

"...Ki….ou….."

I recognize them. I know I do, but I… also don't?

One of them sounded angry, and another was almost pleading.

"....nd….ine…."

Who are they? Why do I know them?

…I'm very fond of them. Whoever they are.

"...op….leas…."

Why do they invoke such emotions from me?

"...ve….is…."

…It hurts. My head hurts so much. It's painful, so unbelievably agonizing that I'm almost begging to be put out of my misery, but those positive feelings still persist regardless, growing stronger by the second. The dissonance between pain and pleasure feels like it's tearing my very soul apart.

It's maddening. Make it stop. Please.

That was when a clear voice speaks, nearly instantly soothing the pain.

Now is not the time.

Not yet.

Sleep.

…Yeah, you're right.

I need rest if I want to kill him. I'm nowhere near powerful to do it.

Just a few more minutes wouldn't–

The sudden knock on my door makes me flinch, eyes opening widely as I look around my room frantically. I wipe my drool off my mouth as I quickly process what the hell is going on. I scramble around for my phone and check the time, paling at what I see and barely contain myself from screaming, calming myself with a deep breath.

That bitch said she's going to wake me up after eight hours. It's been double that. What fucking possessed me to believe her? I should've known she was going to pull this kind of shit– that's all she ever does.

…How the fuck did I not wake up to any of the alarms?

"Oi, Akane. Wake up!" Ichiban, whom I didn't expect, calls out to me. "Rias says she needs you right now. Something about the Church being here."

And now this is happening.

I cover my face and let out a groan, though it came out as a whimper. What the hell was that all about? Am I seriously gonna be dreaming every time I get some shuteye? I'm going to fucking lose it if that's the case.

I try to remember what I saw in that dream and frown. Well, at the very least it was kind of good? It certainly wasn't a nightmare like that other time. Something about it feels familiar, though, and I know you're involved, you asshole.

…

Yeah, I'm not stupid, Game. This better not happen again.

…You're quite bold to be warning me.

You have zero hold on me, especially when our lives are tied. If you knew any better, you would've not shared that little nugget with me, but look who decided to overshare for once. Wish you kept that attitude instead of trying to hide shit from me because this isn't earning you any points.

If you want me to trust you, then stop being sketchy as fuck.

He doesn't respond anymore, making me scoff. Prove my point, won't you? Whatever, I have more important shit to take care of than to continue whining about you.

I slowly walk toward the door and open it, flinching at the bright light from the hallway. I rub my eyes tiredly as I brace myself for the incoming headache.

"Where's Kaa-san?" I immediately ask threateningly.

As I make eye contact with Ichiban, I notice that his face is all red as he tries his hardest not to look at me. I tilt my head at his behavior and the occasional glances he steals, prompting me to look down at my attire.

I finally realize that I'm only wearing an oversized unbuttoned shirt that barely covers my tits and panties. Ah, makes sense why he'd react this way.

"My bad," I say, not really giving a fuck that he's seen me in this state.

"I–it's fine…" He says. "...I'm gonna… wait for you downstairs."

I glance over at Lucifer, who is laughing at Ichi jogging away. I close the door on him and sigh deeply.

Please just fucking kill me.


– Ichiban –

Silently watching his friend taking her sweet time to accept the hot cup of coffee from the cashier, Ichiban rubbed his neck in nervousness mixed with exasperation. He followed Akane outside of the cafe, glancing back at the building before addressing her.

"I'm not sure how you're taking this so casually." He said. "You just said that there are church emissaries waiting for us."

"I did." She responded blankly, still visibly groggy.

"Aren't we pressed for time, then?" Ichiban asked. "Dunno, I'm not exactly good at politics, but I don't think it's a good idea to keep them waiting this long."

"We're already late." Akane snorted. "Five more minutes won't hurt."

"Yeah, but still…" He scratched his cheek. "Kind of disrespectful, isn't it?"

Well, she was right. She also took her time showering back at her house, which he could understand if she didn't spend more than fifteen minutes in there, but he digressed. Of course, Ichi spent the time alone and internally agonizing over what he saw when she opened the door of her room.

Seeing her in a bikini was one thing, but seeing her bare chest was something he knew he was never going to forget. He was thanking his lucky stars that Akane was reasonable enough to not kick his ass for it. He didn't know she slept half-naked, but he almost wished he never knew.

Almost. There was no denying he was eternally grateful for what he saw, of course. Longinus Wielder or not, he was still a hot-blooded teenager, damn it. Now to hope she doesn't use this against him and just forgets about it. She didn't seem bothered that he saw anything at all, which was a good sign.

"Since when did you care about respecting others?" She tilted her head, looking somewhat amused.

"I don't disrespect people until I'm disrespected first." He replied. "And as I said, I don't think it's smart to keep emissaries of a different faction waiting this long."

"Mhm…" She sipped from her coffee. "It's gonna be fine, don't worry about it."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Because they're not here for anything that concerns us specifically. Technically, they dragged their problems into our territory, so we don't owe them any respect." She responded casually. "So while yes, it's not exactly proper etiquette, I really doubt it'd have any lasting consequences."

"Is that so?" Ichiban scratched his head in thought.

"I mean unless they sent the Pope or Michael, which is also very doubtful." She shrugged. "Stop worrying about these kinds of things, Ichi. Politics clearly aren't your thing."

He frowned.

"You do this a lot, but I feel like you're belittling me again."

"I'm not. Not this time at least. I'm almost jealous of you really." She rolled her eyes. "Politics fucking suck, but you know, being a bonafide princess to the Yakuza means I gotta know how to handle it. Can't do much about it."

"I see…" Ichiban hummed. "I'll leave it to you, then. I know you're dealing with it for our sake, so I appreciate what you're doing. I'm sure everyone else does, too."

Akane paused and looked at him, somewhat surprised at his sincerity. Ichi didn't exactly know why he blurted that out and almost regretted it because it was just more ammo for her to use against him in her relentless crusade of teasing. However, Akane only smiled softly at him, a far cry from her signature smirk.

"That's a very sweet thing to say, Ichi." She said, his heart skipping a beat at the uncharacteristic response. "Thanks."

Ichiban, not knowing how to react, simply remained quiet, his face glowing red as he tried, but failed, to rationalize what just happened. What the hell was that? Who was this and what had she done to the Akane he knew? That was completely out of left field for someone like her.

He gave her a quick glance, seeing how very deep in thought she was. He didn't know what was going on in her mind, but this wasn't a trap, surprisingly enough. Was she sick or something? She did have way too many energy drinks yesterday…

"So uh…" Ichiban decided to change the subject. "Do you think we're ready for this Kokabiel guy?"

He saw her expression twitch at that.

"Honestly?" Akane frowned. "...I don't know. He feels way too confident and it's making me pretty worried."

"So that's a no." He clicked his tongue. "What do you think we should do, then?"

"Right now, there aren't a lot of options." She sighed, sounding frustrated. "Our best bet is ambushing him and catching him by surprise, which is a tall fucking order."

Ichiban hummed thoughtfully at that.

"Our second best bet–" Akane gave him a sideway glance. "–is you unlocking your Balance Breaker."

"I… don't know how to do that." He admitted.

"Well, figure it out, then." She said bluntly. "You're probably the most powerful guy around if you unlock it. Well, excluding the big guys like Majima and Oji-san."

…Huh, he liked being called the strongest, even though she beat him in their last fight. He should probably work on it if she's saying that.

Any ideas on what I should be doing to get that, Ddraig?

Can't help you there, partner. Ddraig snorted. Balance Breakers can't be given so easily. You must need that power for it to respond.

Well, shit, I need it right now, don't I?

Emotions play a part in that. The dragon within him clarified. …I am able to temporarily give you this power, however, you'll need to sacrifice a part of you.

That… doesn't sound good.

Well, that was a bust. Can't do much there, so the best he can do is continue working on his mastery of the Boosted Gear. Maybe going over five boosts as a limit would be a start.

Ichi turned his gaze to his friend, who he just realized had been looking at him weirdly. He looked behind him and then back at her, becoming very curious.

"What?"

She paused for a moment, then spoke.

"Don't take this the wrong way, Ichi." Akane smiled. "But I kind of miss the afro."

"Fuck you." He scowled.

"I'm serious." She insisted. "I don't know how to say it, but it kinda gave you this distinct look, you know?"

His glare softened somewhat.

"I know I made fun of you for it, calling it 'birdnest' or whatever." She continued. "But now that it's gone, I can't help but feel like it actually suited you."

"...You're saying that just to mock me."

"I promise I'm not."

"I don't trust you."

"After everything I've done for you?"

"My life's been going downhill since meeting you.'

She pouted, trying to act cute.

"Do you feel better about yourself hurting a maiden's feelings like this?"

"What maiden?" He fired back. "I must be blind because I don't see any maidens here."

She snorted, not one bit offended.

"I must've woken up to a different universe." His best friend grinned. "Seeing you have the balls to actually talk back."

They continued going back and forth while walking to their destination, through the woods surrounding the old school building until they stopped at the door. Ichiban looked at the building and then at Akane.

"Well, we're here." He said, frowning slightly. "...Is it me, or am I sensing something powerful in there?"

"No, there's strong holy energy in there. Several, actually," Akane confirmed, then smiled in amusement. "Poor devils, having to stay in a room with whatever that is. Come on, let's cut them some slack and deal with it."

Ichi, not knowing why she wanted him there, followed without protest.

Well, he was curious to see what was going on and who those representatives were…


– David Cerro –

He wasn't sure what to expect from the mission he'd been given by the higher-ups. Yes, he was told that he was going to have to step into Tojo territory, and he was also told that he might end up cooperating with devils.

He gave the two quiet but visibly bothered girls a blank look, silently studying them.

Said devils being much more powerful than what the reports had told him. It said high class, but the Sitri devil was ultimate while the Gremory was scratching that ceiling and all of their peerages were high class individually.

That wasn't really an issue to be frank– they weren't enemies at the moment. And even if they were, David was confident he could take them on seeing the extreme advantage over them known as Galatine that was strapped on his back. But he digressed.

As for the yakuza…

His gaze moved to the eye-patch-wearing man leaning on the wall at the other side of the room they were in, staring at him from behind the devils. David's eyes narrowed slightly as the Mad Dog grinned menacingly, not bothering to hide the heavy aura surrounding him.

That man was a massive threat. He heard of Goro Majima, but seeing him in the flesh made David understand why he was one of the most renowned and feared humans around. He wasn't sure he could defeat the Mad Dog in a fight, even with the support of the two sitting next to him.

And this is with no Sacred Gear or artifact. He thought to himself. Just how did they cultivate such a formidable warrior?

And last he heard, Goro Majima wasn't even the strongest. No, that title was reserved for Taiga Saejima, who wielded the White Tiger of Power Sacred Gear. To think there were other human factions that could rival the church in power…

He was grateful they weren't enemies. The Tojo Clan and Church held enough respect for each other to not start any senseless war between them. Now if only Ms. Yakuza Princess was here early…

"How long will we have to wait?" Xenovia suddenly spoke, looking quite irate. "Can we not begin this meeting without her?"

"No." The Sitri devil said tonelessly. "She'll be here soon. Please be patient."

His companion scoffed.

"Of course a heretic associated with devils would lack proper respect for others."

David's expression twitched in annoyance at the girl's hot-headedness. He did not need her to open her big mouth right now. Last thing they needed was them being kicked out of Kuoh, where the thief was most likely hiding according to their sources.

"Xenovia." David called her name coldly, making her flinch. "Be silent."

The atmosphere got a tad more heavy after this, seeing how the devils didn't quite appreciate the insult to the yakuza girl for unknown reasons, but they didn't respond in any way. Irina, unlike her blue-haired partner, was far less annoyed and more intimidated, shuffling nervously whenever the Mad Dog would glance at her.

Thankfully, that was when a knock on the door was heard before it opened. David glanced at the girl as she walked forward with a neutral expression, holding a cup of coffee in her hand. She did pause for a moment as she met his gaze but he thought nothing of it. So this was the daughter of the legendary Tatsu Amamiya?

David frowned at how strange her power felt. She didn't have a lot of magic like the devils in front of him, but hers felt unreasonably heavy and sharp for someone her age, like she'd been refining it for decades, even though she wasn't even twenty yet. Very unusual.

And the boy beside her… He had a Sacred Gear. A very powerful one, in fact. A longinus?

"You're late." The Sitri devil said, not one bit impressed.

"Mhm, yeah." She responded, turning to look at him and his companions nonplussed. "My bad."

The boy, the two devils, and their queens all shared an exasperated look as the Mad Dog snorted in amusement. Xenovia, however, did not take it lightly as she scowled at the girl, visibly angered.

"Do you not have any shame?"

"Pardon?" She blinked.

"I said be silent." David shut her down immediately.

"But Father David–"

His stern glare was enough to make her drop it, prompting her to look away to stew in her own annoyance. David looked at the red-eyed girl and bowed his head slightly in an apologetic manner.

"Apologies, Miss. I hope you'll forgive her." He said respectfully. "She's quite… brash."

"Don't worry about it. I'm the one who's late." She shrugged as she made her way forward, sitting next to the Sitri devil as the boy stood behind them. "I'm Akane Amamiya, and this is Ichiban Kasuga, my personal bodyguard. Nice to meet you."

"Eh?" The 'bodyguard' uttered, looing at her in confusion.

"Pleasure's mine." David nodded. "I'm sure you've already been informed of what's been going on."

"The Excalibur Thief, yes." Sona Sitri confirmed.

"Indeed." The veteran exorcist said. "We have good reason to believe that the thief is hiding in Japan, and in this town specifically, and so we were sent to deal with him personally."

"Go on." The Gremory devil nodded slowly.

"And we'd like to ask of you a few things." He continued. "Firstly, we'd like to know if you've noticed anything strange lately. Have you perhaps sensed a spike of intense holy energy around?"

"Not that we know of," Akane responded, sipping from her coffee. "Everything's been quiet, relatively speaking. Though, I doubt you'd find anything even if you tried."

David frowned and leaned forward.

"Could you elaborate?"

"Hm, well, not long ago, we were attacked by a couple of rogue Fallen Angels." She revealed. "But they had some sort of artifacts that completely hid their presence no matter what. We managed to take them out, though. We're lucky that they weren't particularly powerful"

David nodded silently.

"If this thief is in Kuoh, one of the most guarded territories in Japan, then it's more than likely that they have this same artifact. It's too much of a coincidence." Sona continued for her. "Explaining why the Tojo hasn't found them yet."

"It's all tech." Majima quipped. "Ain't no artifact or spell. Pure technology."

This seemed to have caught the three girls off guard as well, with Akane being the first to recover as she seemed deep in thought right after. He didn't know any other faction that produced high-tier technology other than the Tojo Clan and Omi Alliance, but David kept it in mind.

"I see. Sounds reasonable." He agreed. "Do you have any more information about this thief?"

"Well… We have good reason to believe that the thief is Cadre Kokabiel of the Grigori." Gremory said, making his eyes widen. "According to one of the Fallen that's been captured, he's the one who issued the order for them to infiltrate Kuoh."

"So we're against a Cadre, huh…" David narrowed his eyes. "This is good information to keep in mind. Thank you for sharing, though I'd like to ask one last thing of you."

"Sure." Sona gestured for him to do so.

"I would like for none of you to interfere with this." He said, trying to keep it as polite as possible.

Before anyone else could respond, Akane did so first, as soon as he finished his last sentence.

"No."

David paused, then tried to argue.

"This is our responsibility, and I do not want you to suffer the consequences of our shortcomings–"

"I don't care." She cut him off, casually sipping from her coffee once again.

"Show some respect, you heretic!" Xenovia's glare sharpened.

"Whose territory are you in?" She asked rhetorically in a calm tone, ignoring Xenovia's outburst. "Whose grounds are you going to be fighting on?"

David frowned.

"Do you really expect us to not do anything about a threat in MY home? Don't patronize me." Akane snorted. "I don't care if this is your responsibility, because it became mine the moment it set foot in Kuoh. I don't care who you are and what your position is, but you won't stop me from defending my own territory. Otherwise, I don't deserve to be my father's daughter."

The veteran exorcist studied her face, his eyes boring into her red ones. She did not shy away one bit, easily meeting his stern gaze with her cold one. There was a moment of pure silence with an atmosphere so thick, not even Galatine could cut through it.

She was completely serious about this, and he very much doubted he could convince her otherwise. Seeing the unmoving smirk on the Mad Dog's face after giving him a quick glance told him he approved of her decision.

Well, she did sound very convincing, that much he would admit. He could feel his respect for her grow, as small as it was.

Eventually, David leaned back and exhaled through his nose.

"Very well."

"B-but Father–"

"Enough, Xenovia." David shut her down. "They have every right to fight for their territory. This was their responsibility long before the Excalibur pieces were stolen. We will not deny them said right."

Xenovia clenched her fists as her scowl deepened. David ignored it for now, used to her brash nature, and stood up from his seat.

"I suppose we'll continue our investigation, then." He said, looking at the three girls. "We'll contact you if we found anything interesting. Please do so as well if you've turned up with anything on your side."

"We will." Sona Sitri replied.

David gave a nod of acknowledgment and gestured for his two companions to follow. Irina quickly followed him, but Xenovia didn't as she glared directly at Akane, who raised a brow at her.

"I cannot accept this." She declared, pointing at the Yakuza Princess. "Not when she's shown us nothing but disrespect since coming here."

"Xenovia, stop." Irina almost pleaded.

"No, I am not convinced by her empty words." She scoffed. "This is not something that can be decided with mere words. Real warriors speak with their blades, not mouths."

"Stand down." David ordered.

"..You wanna spar?" Akane blinked, then shrugged. "Sure, I don't mind."

"What?" The older exorcist looked at her in bewilderment, not expecting her to take this so casually.

"Hah!" The Mad Dog, however, looked like he loved her response.

"Are you sure about this?" The Sitri devil asked, looking a bit concerned.

"I'm in a good mood, and I haven't really exercised in a while," Akane said. "So why not? Plus, knowing our allies' strengths and weaknesses might help us on the real battlefield."

David… somewhat agreed with this, actually. It would be beneficial to know their capabilities, especially seeing who they're up against.

"Hmph, you're braver than you look." Xenovia crossed her arms. "But I doubt your sword skills can compare to mine. I've been training my whole life, you know."

"I'm sure you have." Akane rolled her eyes, getting up from the couch and walking toward the door. "I know a place. Follow me."

Everyone was unsure at first, but they did just that, with David not sure if he should let Xenovia do this. The blue-haired swordswoman could get a bit… overboard in her training, usually leaving her opponents with multiple broken bones.

And while Akane's magic did feel quite powerful, he didn't know if she was skillful in sword fighting. He heard she used to fight a lot on the streets, but David knew that wasn't going to help her a lot in a match like this.

David nearly flinched when the hand of the Mad Dog landed on his shoulder, Majima's grin being as menacing as ever.

"Ya don't gotta be all tense." He said. "Live a little, will ya?"

That said, he walked past David, leaving him alone for a few seconds. The exorcist followed them after a moment of contemplation, determined to see this through to the end. If Xenovia went too far, he was going to punish her accordingly once they were back in Italy.

He hoped to god that she'd hold back and settle for a knockdown.


– Akane –

Maybe I shouldn't beat my mother senseless when I see her again, because I never really realized just how much I needed that long 'nap'. After the initial annoyance evaporated, I was able to think so much more clearly than before.

Of course, I do think I wasted a lot of time since I only needed five hours to be fully rested, but that eighteen hours of deep sleep felt good, so maybe it's not all that terrible. I'm still going to kick her in the head at least once though, just for the fact that she lied.

I didn't think I'd see someone else coming with Irina and Xenovia, but that should've been expected. Who in their right mind would send two kids with Excalibur pieces to go after a Cadre? Obviously, they're gonna send an expert instead.

And this David guy was strong. Much stronger than I thought someone of his caliber would be. Checking his stats told me that he's a few hundred points higher than my uncle, which is nothing to scoff at. Wielder of Galatine, huh? That's another powerful sword…

Good. We have a higher chance of taking down Kokabiel now. Let's just hope that's enough to take him down because I still don't like how confident he is, considering who actually protects Kuoh.

I'm still not sure why they decided to bring the two girls along with David, though. They're… less than impressive. They're not weak by any means, and in hindsight, them not knowing about Kokabiel explains why they'd send those two, but ehh…

I twirl the wooden blade in my hand, standing at the opposite side of the open yard in front of the building where we trained for Rias' Rating Game. Took us a while to get there, but it's a big empty place where we can afford to go a little hard on each other. You need something like this if you're superhuman.

Still, why would they give Excalibur pieces to complete amateurs? Does the church like giving out random legendary weapons like they're candy? Especially her. They gave her Excalibur Destruction and Durandal.

Name: Xenovia Quarta

Title: Blade-Obsessed Swordswoman

HP – 33,000

MP – 5000

SP – 40,000

Race – Human

LVL - 132

STR - 501

END - 395

DEX - 532

INT - 200

WIS - 101

CHA - 307

LUK - 100

Thoughts about you – Filthy Heretic. Wants to put you in your place.

Reputation - -20

Affection - 0

Obedience - -10

Loyalty - -100

Her thoughts are actually hilarious considering the difference between us. Only reason I even accepted this duel was because it prompted a quest, and I need all the power I can get. Also I'm in a really good mood, and a bit of exercise never hurts anybody.

[A Humbling Lesson] - Quest

Objective: Defeat Xenovia Quarta in a sword duel.

Bonus Objective: Defeat Xenovia Quarta without taking a single hit.

Rewards: Moderate EXP, +50 for DEX, END, and STR, Increase Reputation with everyone watching

Bonus Rewards: Major EXP, +100 for DEX, Greatly Increase Reputation with everyone watching. Xenovia's Reputation is set to 15, 1 Rare Gacha Token

Finishing the objective will get me a perk for strength and a perk for dexterity, and I desperately need the latter. I need speed to be able to evade getting hit by Kokabiel if he ever decides to target me specifically. Convenient quest, really, but you're not doing yourself any favors, Game. I still don't trust you one bit.

I'm twice as fast as her, but I don't want to get arrogant and lose out on the bonus objective. More speed is very welcome. Plus, a new token with a good tier, so I'll take it. I hope it's armor or a defensive spell.

Xenovia glares and points the wooden sword at me in her black bodysuit that looked a lot less revealing than I expected, getting into a stance I don't quite recognize. Do they have their own type of sword fighting, or is this the Western kind in general? Not sure, but I still have the advantage in physical stats anyway. I should be able to defeat her with relative ease if I don't hold back.

First one to get knocked down or incapacitated loses. Simple rules that work in my favor.

I wait for her to make the first move, and soon enough, she rushes toward me with a low stance, aiming for a quick strike that I very easily anticipate, parrying before smacking her in the face, making her flinch.

She clicks her tongue as she tries again, swinging her sword with commendable skill. Unfortunately for her, due to the difference in speed, I read her every movement, blocking and dodging every single attack she throws my way.

I take this moment to understand and analyze her movement and style, quickly figuring out an easy counter that I put to good use afterward. Once I parry another swing, I begin my assault, hitting her a dozen times in the span of a few seconds.

Eventually, though, and to my surprise, Xenovia actually manages to keep up, getting used to my speed fairly quickly. She still struggles a lot of course, but it's a noticeable improvement compared to the beginning of the match.

She almost surprises me with a counterattack that nearly hits me, but I see it coming and lean to the side, dodging it by a hair's breadth. She's trying to get me on the defensive again, but that was easy to figure out, so instead, I double down on my assault, using a bit more strength in my attacks.

I didn't judge my strength correctly, though, as my swing sends her flying backward. Xenovia manages to plant her feet on the ground, gritting her teeth at me as she realizes that I'm no pushover.

The girl takes a deep breath, calming her nerves as she slowly approaches me. I keep my focus on her, though. She's a lot more careful now, so I'm not gonna take any chances. If I want a good sparring match, I'd ask Ichi or Sona for it. I won't underestimate her and get hit for it. I'm getting that bonus objective.

Without wasting another movement, I charge at her as fast as I can, creating a sonic boom and breaking the sound barrier from my sheer speed. Xenovia couldn't even comprehend what I just did until the tip of my sword was an inch away from her throat.

Xenovia's eyes are wide open once she realizes what had happened, frozen and looking at me in fear and awe. She slowly drops her sword to the ground, taking the loss surprisingly well considering her attitude earlier.

"It seems I've underestimated you…" She mutters. "You're a lot more skilled than I thought…"

Hearing this makes me pull my sword back. I don't give her a verbal response, but instead, look at David, who looked unperturbed by the show in front of him, even though I know I surprised him there.

That's what Observe says anyway.

"You can investigate all you want," I tell him. "Just be careful. The tech they're using to hide their presence is dangerous."

Quest complete

Perks added

I'll check and test them out soon.

"We will." He nodded, glancing at his companion. "Let's go, Xenovia."

Xenovia's gaze on me doesn't move as she responds to him.

"Yes, Father David."

Eventually, she follows him and Irina, giving me one final determined glance of respect. Conveniently, that's when my phone vibrates, prompting me to check a picture attached to a message sent by my mother.

It was her squatting and giving a peace sign next to a car in the garage, with the message that said 'I have a peace offering. Please don't kill me.' Took her long enough. Fucking finally.

"I'm going back home now," I tell everyone, specifically Rias and Sona. "Call me if you need anything else."

"Can you not?" Sona frowned. "School hasn't ended yet."

"Don't feel like it," I reply to her as I walk away.

I wasted enough time. I need to finish my armor right now.

The idea to make Xenovia 'when you played, I studied the blade' type of character was one of my beta's, and so far, I like writing her.
Last edited: May 25, 2023
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, Steele/Mili and 237 others
Mirlnir
May 24, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 29: Fallen Encounter
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 14, 2023
Add bookmark
#539
– Mizuki –

"You know, Akane…" She started with a mixture of confusion and exasperation in her tone as she watched her daughter work on her… project. "When you told me you wanted a car, I didn't expect you'd want to… dismantle it."

Her daughter, taking out the entire car engine, the last part remaining in the poor vehicle, hummed in response, clearly neither concerned nor giving her mother any mind. She seemed too focused on what she was doing, and Mizuki felt… strangely proud.

Now her daughter had always had hobbies, like playing video games – which was totally valid by the way – drawing, singing, and a couple more. But she'd never really shown interest in things like being a mechanic or programming until recently. It astonished Mizuki– it felt kind of abrupt.

She wasn't perturbed by this. It only felt rather strange to the confused mother. From destroying small things like flashlights, microwaves, TVs, and now entire cars? Where did this passion for engineering come from? Still, Mizuki would support her daughter's new hobby anyway. It somewhat fascinated her, too. Akane's mind was a complete mystery to Mizuki.

Akane still hadn't told her what she was trying to build that needed a whole car engine to work, but Mizuki could guess from the current progress her daughter had made. Considering the countless tools she'd bought, the many hours she put into it, and how it looked like a half-finished plated armor…

Mizuki put a hand on her chin as she watched her daughter set up the car battery with the engine. Her glance flickered to the bulky armor's craftsmanship, inspecting it a bit closer. Now obviously it wasn't complete– it only covered a chest and one side of a stomach, but to make such a thing in what, three days?

That was very impressive, especially for a beginner like Akane, and ignoring the fact that she was wearing the training belt at eighty times gravity this entire time, taking multi-tasking to a whole new level. It did seem to be tiring her out, though, if the light sweat gloss on her skin was anything to go by.

Still, this was absolutely nuts. Now Mizuki had never made tech, but she had seen and used Amon technology before, so she knew a thing or two about advanced technology. Specifically weapons and armor.

Also, seeing how Akane made this using normal day-to-day tech like fridges, spoke volumes of her potential. She didn't have or ask for materials or funding from the Tojo clan, and if they saw what she was capable of in this tiny garage of theirs? They'd want to cultivate such talent for sure.

Should I tell Daigo about this? Mizuki thought to herself.

That was an idea. There are a lot of good and talented mechanics and engineers in the Tojo Clan. Having one of them come over as a teacher for Akane would probably make her happy. There was no telling just how much she'd improve, too.

She should probably ask her daughter first, though. That reminded her–

"By the way, Asia and I are going karaoke," Mizuki said. "Wanna come along?"

"No thanks." Her daughter declined, as expected.

As Akane attached the encased engine and battery to the back of the armor, it suddenly flickered and flashed blue, making her grin widely. Even Mizuki was surprised at this, not expecting it to do that. A forcefield? Not exactly a strong one. It was very thin from the looks of it, but still, that was incredible.

"Alright, it's working…" Akane said, taking the armor and giving it to her mother. "Hold this. I need to test its durability."

"Uh, okay, sure." Mizuki blinked and held it in front of her.

Akane took a step back and cocked her arm, delivering a powerful punch to the armor, making it flash blue as sparks flew off the car battery. Surprisingly, considering how physically strong her daughter was, the armor only had a hole in it. A big one, sure, but she didn't completely destroy the damned thing.

Akane, however, wasn't as impressed as she winced and hissed in annoyance, pulling her arm back.

"Shit, still not strong enough…" She muttered to herself. "Isn't gonna do much if it can't withstand a punch without being damaged."

"What are you saying? This is beyond impressive!" Mizuki said, shocked by her daughter's unreasonably high standards.

"If this is what I can do in three days, then I might not be ready," Akane responded, eyeing the hole intensely with a hand on her chin. Er, well, Mizuki didn't know if she was responding to her or talking to herself. Probably the latter. "I need a better energy source. A car battery and engine aren't enough, but where do I get that? Trucks aren't gonna be much better either. A plane? Too big, won't fit."

"What… do you need this armor for, exactly?" Mizuki asked, putting the armor back on the table. She hadn't seen her daughter this focused in a while. "You're not going to do crimes, are you?"

"That's what worries you?"

"Hey, this wouldn't be the first time you committed a crime." The mother said. "Or the last time for that matter. Remember Chishiki International Academy?"

"I've said this a million times before– I will NOT apologize for that!" Akane replied, getting defensive. "Those pieces of shit ganged up on me. They deserved every single thing that happened to them."

"You nearly split a kid's skull open!" Mizuki argued. "Hell, one of them was in a coma for six months!"

"Did I stutter?" Her daughter scoffed, crossing her arms unapologetically. "It's not like I started the fucking fight. Some moron thought it'd be funny to 'pull the emo girl's hair' and spontaneously make an appointment with a dentist."

Mizuki covered her face with her hands tiredly. Ah, her middle school days. The worst time of Akane's life as a student. Every single day there was a fight with other kids and sometimes even teachers. Puberty hit the girl like a goddamn truck– her emotions were running wild at the time.

Of course, this was partly Mizuki's fault for her earlier neglect after her husband's passing. That's when Akane developed her anger issues, and the first time it bubbled up was not a happy time. The child on the receiving end of her relentless wrath was probably traumatized.

Mizuki was very glad that Akane seemed to have calmed down a lot compared to her middle school days, even if it was at the cost of unlocking her magic and heritage, which basically was just getting superpowers.

…There was no telling just how much destruction she could cause if she lost it. Mizuki hoped it would never come to that point. She should probably help her find a way to control that anger soon. Before it became the cause of some terrible event.

But if therapy wouldn't help, then what the fuck was she supposed to do?

"We've been over this." Mizuki sighed, glancing at the suit. "Look, just don't use it for bad stuff, alright?"

"Wasn't gonna," Akane responded. "I'm just preparing for the probable battle ahead. I'm not confident enough in myself, not with this rust bucket anyhow."

"What makes you think you're gonna fight?" Her mother frowned. "Do you honestly think I'm letting you go fight some insane warmonger? We'll let Majima and those exorcists handle it."

"Yeah, you don't really have a choice in the matter, unfortunately." Akane pointed at her with her screwdriver. "And before you complain and whine, I don't have a choice either."

"What do you mean?"

"We're talking about a cadre here." She explained, casting a layer of ice on her as she took her welding torch. "And you think he doesn't have a plan regarding the yakuza? Get real, Kaa-san. You act like an idiot all the time, but we both know you're smarter than that."

Mizuki scowled, not at her daughter, but at the situation at hand.

"I'm just preparing accordingly." Akane shrugged, putting her welding mask back on as she resumed her work on the armor, fixing the damages she caused. "As should everyone if we want to beat them back."

She… couldn't really argue there. After being told everything by Majiima, Mizuki understood just how urgent it was to break the seal on her power, and that was really easy to do. Just force her magic out and bam, seal broken. That's how strained it was after nearly two decades and one pregnancy. The unfortunate thing was, she didn't exactly know how to do that without accidentally freezing Japan three times over.

Learning to fully master and control her magic was a futile effort considering how unbelievably restless it was. The amount of traumatic experiences she went through probably had something to do with it.

Thanks, Dad. You fucking piece of shit.

If she needed to do that without consequence, there had to be an equal magical force to combat the explosion of her power, or she had to do it in some remote place in the middle of bumfuck nowhere, which didn't exist because every place is owned by someone or something.

…You know what, at least I'm strong as fuck and can protect Akane. She thought. That's good, at least.

Silver lining.

Mizuki stared at her daughter in silence for a minute, resolving herself to help her daughter. Akane was serious about this, as she should be. Mizuki should stop treating her like she was made of glass and start helping her if she wanted her to survive this fight.

Talking to her about the Amon Clan would be a good start. She thought, getting nervous at the prospect of doing that. …I don't know if I should, though…

"...I could ask the Tojo Clan if they can spare some materials, you know." Mizuki suddenly said as she thought of an alternative at the moment, making her daughter freeze, stopping her work completely. "I'm sure they have better energy sources than car batteries."

Akane took a moment before she responded, still keeping her eyes on the armor.

"That'd be awesome." Akane nodded, sounding grateful. "Thanks, Kaa-san."

Mizuki puffed her chest and grinned.

"Of course! Anything for the best daughter ever!"

Said best daughter ever snorted in amusement, seemingly in a better mood now than she was when she tested the mechanical armor's power. So much so that she didn't even stop Mizuki from patting her head.

Mizuki's grin softened into a warm smile as she looked at Akane.

There was nothing she felt more proud of than her.


– Xenovia –

It'd been quite some time since their meeting with the heiresses and owners of the region. Three days of looking around the town for anything that could lead them to the thieves – who was a possible cadre – and so far, they'd yet to find anything remotely interesting.

The thief was being extremely careful, and for some reason, was biding his time. Xenovia did not know Kokabiel's goal was that led to him stealing Excalibur pieces, nor did she know how he did it in the first place, but she knew, whatever it was he was planning, it could lead to a catastrophic event.

The cadre's reputation was known far and wide. One of Azazel's finest, a powerful leader that had led one of, if not the strongest squadron of Fallen Angels in the Great War. He was Thunder God Barakiel's right-hand man, in fact.

He was a general with thousands of years of experience under his belt. However, what he was mostly known for was his thirst for blood and his love for war. He was at the center of the tension surrounding the Grigori, and it didn't seem his… 'passion' ever fizzled out.

If anything, he seemed to have had enough and was now working on his own terms. Xenovia could not let the man start another great war. That would be a complete disaster. That man had to be stopped at all costs, and Xenovia swore by her sword to be the one to do it. He would be put down.

Kokabiel being in Kuoh of all places meant he wanted to drag the Tojo Clan and Omi Alliance into it, which would cause great damage even to humanity. So much so that the common folk might discover the supernatural.

But finding him was a lot easier said than done, especially with those funny little cloaking devices they were using. They couldn't find him no matter how hard they tried, and while she wouldn't admit it to anyone, she was becoming more and more anxious.

Coward. He knew he couldn't handle all of them so he hid. Just what you'd expect from a heretic who had abandoned the light of the father. Degenerates like him belong in the deepest parts of hell, and Xenovia would be glad to send him there.

The same could not be said for her partner, though.

"Do you really think it's Kokabiel who stole the pieces?" Irina said as the two waited for their leader, who had taken off to investigate the nearby woods on his own.

The two were sitting on a bench in some empty children's park, waiting for the return of their leader or at least a call from him. It hadn't been long since he left, only around thirty minutes. Xenovia had wanted to go with him, but his word was final.

He looked rather serious when he decided to investigate. Did he possibly sense something?

"Why does it matter?" Xenovia raised a brow.

"No, I mean, it's kinda farfetched, isn't it?" Her partner said. "Why would Lord Azazel let him do this?"

"Why are you calling a heretic a 'Lord'?" The blue-haired swordswoman frowned. "He is not befitting of such a title."

"Not the subject of conversation." Irina rolled her eyes. "I just don't understand why a cadre would try something like this."

"Haven't you been listening to our classes?" Xenovia questioned. "He's a warmonger. He wants war."

"Why though?" She frowned. "Like what's the point? Especially when most factions are against you? You'd just get crushed."

"Why would I know that?"

"I don't know– you know what, never mind." Her partner sighed before puffing her cheeks in a pout. "I forgot how boring you are at conversations."

"I'm not boring."

"Yes, you are."

"I'm not."

"You are."

Xenovia narrowed her eyes and scoffed, not bothering with the back-and-forth with her partner. She was stupid anyway, always sleeping in class and getting them in trouble whenever she could. Also, she liked acting nice with heretics when she shouldn't.

Irina then sighed deeply, looking a bit depressed. Xenovia was quick to pick up on this and asked.

"What's wrong?"

"Er, no, it's just…" Her partner paused for a moment, then continued. "Remember the guy I told you about? My childhood friend?"

"Ah, Seiya?"

"Wha– no, what? That's not his name at all." Irina looked at her in confusion. "How'd you get it so wrong? It's Issei. Issei Hyoudou."

"What about him?" Xenovia blinked, not addressing or acknowledging her mistake.

"Well, I kind of wanted to meet him." She said. "I haven't seen him in so long. I wonder if he still remembers me. I sure hope so."

Xenovia didn't really find this conversation very interesting, so a quiet hum was her response.

"Anyway–" Irina glanced at her. "What do you think of the yakuza girl?"

The blue-haired swordswoman paused, her frown turning thoughtful at the mention of this 'Akane'. That girl honestly shocked Xenovia with her skill with swords. She was even more skilled than her, who trained most of her life and was even capable of wielding an Excalibur Piece.

When she was told about the girl, Xenovia expected some spoiled brat who had gotten everything handed to her, like those devils. She was the daughter of a legendary yakuza after all, it was only natural she'd practically be treated like a princess.

And when she acted so 'disrespectful' to them, it only reinforced the idea that she wasn't taught proper manners and needed to be knocked down a peg or two, only for Xenovia to be beaten at her own game.

She had learned everything she needed to know in that clash of theirs. The girl wasn't exactly being disrespectful, but brave in wanting to protect her own territory with her own hands. You'd think someone so spoiled would rather let her bodyguards or servants deal with the issues.

But no, she wanted to take responsibility even though it wasn't really her fault to begin with, and Xenovia admired the girl for it. Working with devils or not, that was a leader who deserves proper respect.

Plus, her skill with the sword and surprising physical strength had truly been a sight to behold. Such interesting techniques Xenovia had never seen before made her want to learn more about how the girl became so skilled even though they were the same age. Had she also been training her whole life?

Yes, perhaps Xenovia should try to speak with her when she got the chance.

"I think she's interesting," Xenovia said truthfully, not seeing a reason to lie. "I did not expect her to be the person that she is."

"Right?!" Irina's eyes sparkled. "She looks pretty cool, doesn't she? She wasn't one bit nervous when speaking to Father David, even though the devils were."

"Of course. She's human, she has no reason to be afraid." She responded. "The devils sensed Father David's power and cowered in fear of the light. It's only natural."

"Eeeh… I guess you could say that was it." Irina scratched her cheek. "I'm pretty sure they were more scared of our swords than us. Durandal, two Excalibur pieces, and Galatine. That's a lot of holy energy in one place."

"Your point being?"

As her partner was about to respond, Xenovia felt a sharp spike of holy energy in the woods where their leader had gone, making her squint and frown seriously. What the hell was that? It disappeared just as quickly as it appeared.

"Did you feel that?" Irina asked.

Xenovia nodded.

"Let's move."

"What? But what about our orders?"

"Whatever that was, it's close." Xenovia countered. "We can't afford to let it escape. We'll investigate and report our findings–"

Xenovia's eyes widened as she felt something behind her, twirling and swinging her blade. She barely managed to block a spear of light that nearly took her head off, disintegrating it with Excalibur Destruction. She growled as she and Irina stood side by side, pointing their swords at whoever had attacked them.

A Fallen Angel? Armor covered them from head to toe. She couldn't tell if they were a man or a woman. So it really was Fallen Angels that stole the Excalibur pieces? Figures. Of course the degenerates would dare to do something like this.

"Get ready for battle, Irina." Xenovia said.

"Way ahead of you." Her partner responded.

"Good reflexes, young swordswoman." A third, unfamiliar voice from behind spoke. "But not good enough, I'm afraid."

As soon as he finished the sentence, Xenovia felt imminent danger, which completely froze her. She could scarcely look around to see the blade of light directly above her, inches away from cleaving her in half.

Fortunately, her leader finally returned right in the nick of time, unleashing true holy energy from Galatine that completely disintegrated the attack. Xenovia acted quickly and grabbed Irina by the arm before jumping to David's side, cold sweat running down her cheek.

That was close. If not for her leader, then Xenovia was sure that would've killed her. Who the hell was–

She froze as she made eye contact with the main suspect.

"Bastard…" Father David scowled.

War General Kokabiel smirked widely at the insult as several high-class armored Fallen Angels surrounded them.


– Majima –

"So that's the dickhead, eh?" Majima looked at the screen showing Kokabiel's ugly mug. "...Why does he look different from all other Fallen Angels? What's with them long ears?"

"I… don't know." His advisor responded. "Maybe they're fake ears?"

"Dumbass." Majima smacked Nishida's head. "Why the fuck would he wear fake ears? Ain't no reason he'd be cosplaying fuckin' elves of all things."

"I don't know– I was just guessing!" He complained. "Besides, these people always wear the weirdest things."

Majima opened his mouth to argue but then stopped as he remembered Sirzechs' weird-ass pauldrons on his weird-ass cloak and Michael's dumb fucking armor thing. Fair point. Though, the last time they had met, Azazel was wearing normal clothes like a normal person.

"Wait a fuckin' minute–" Majima glared at Nishida, who flinched under his boss' gaze. "Are ya callin' my fashion sense weird?!"

"I'm not!"

"Yeah, yeah you better not. You dumbfuck." Majima scoffed, then his gaze turned back to the screen. "...Guess I gotta deal with that, then."

As the Mad Dog of Shimano was about to leave, everything turned dark. The lights, the screens– everything stopped working. Majima's eyes widened, but he managed to act quickly.

"Turn on emergency power!" He ordered his men as he rushed to the outside. "Move! I'll handle the shit outside!"

As he exited the secret base, phasing through the walls of an inconspicuous mountain, Majima rushed toward Mizuki and Akane's house, gritting his teeth in anger and worry. He began to call the men positioned near there via his earpiece.

"OI! Protect Akane-chan at all costs!" He shouted, but none answered. He growled and tried to get in touch with his sworn brother. "Saejima, you there?! We're under attack! Get to the girl, now!"

There was a response, but there was too much noise that he couldn't understand what was said. He could only hear the explosions and roars of Saejima. Was he fighting someone?

Majima clicked his tongue in annoyance, but then flinched as he felt an incoming attack. Thinking and acting quickly, the Mad Dog pulled out his Demonfire Dagger and blocked a slash from a powerful blade, the force of the blow sending him back down to the forest surrounding their secret base.

Majima flipped and landed on his feet as his opponent slowly faded into view, dispelling some sort of invisibility magic.

"Shoulda known you assholes were gonna show yerselves eventually…" He muttered. "You Amon bastards planned this from the beginning, didntcha?"

The man in a dark suit and sunglasses holding one of the stolen Excalibur Pieces smirked in response.



– A few minutes earlier – Akane –

As I take my smoke break outside of the garage, I reflect on the past few days spent building the armor, staring at the crescent moon. Now I don't particularly think I'm wasting my time here, of course not, but as fun as creating my own armor is, it's still stressful as hell, considering the unknown deadline of that fucker's attack.

Ugh, I hate being so anxious.

Armor is my best bet here because even if I somehow gain one thousand Endurance points, I'd only have 25k HP – possible perk notwithstanding –, which is still lower than Xenovia, who couldn't even land a single hit against me. I'm the embodiment of Glass Cannon.

Sure, I'm getting quests from the game to use my gravity belt a lot, and I've been completing them one by one and farming END, STR, WIS, and INT that way, but it isn't really enough in the grand scheme of things. I can withstand eighty times the gravity of Earth with relative ease, but what's annoying is that the rewards don't scale with the level of the quest.

It's always one hundred of each stat for every twenty levels. Well, fifty, but the Rising Star perk doubles that. Still, the END perk I got was pretty good, and the INT perk after reaching 2500 is outright incredible.

But that isn't enough, unfortunately.

Regardless, the low scaling can be fixed later. I can look for some more perks or something through quests that can increase my natural defense and/or HP, but objectively, focusing on this armor of mine is the most optimal route at the moment. I don't want to be relying too much on equipment, of course, but that's the only choice I have right now.

And I'd be doing amazing progress if not for Kokabiel. Three days and I manage to make forcefields strong enough to somewhat handle High-class physical strength? That's incredible, even if the battery immediately died after the punch. Kind of surprising it didn't go 'boom' on me now that I think about it.

All of this power from common materials found in fucking in ovens. I'm pretty sure I wasn't supposed to be able to do all of that because it isn't even possible, but the system told the laws of physics to go fuck itself with a rusty screwdriver apparently. Yes, I'm 99% certain that this is the Game's doing via the Engineering skill. I've fully maxed out the class finally, so now I can pick another secondary class.

Anyway, I did initially think about asking the yakuza to help me get materials, but I felt… indecisive and a bit arrogant, admittedly. I had two options:

A: Ask the yakuza for some support so I can make better armor and prepare better.

B: Keep quiet and hide my talents for a little while longer.

I originally chose the second option because I wanted to use my own tech to make my own cloaking devices since it's apparently possible to hide from them via tech if what Majima said about the 'artifact' Kokabiel used was true.

I didn't want them figuring out my special tech whenever I inevitably do make that. I want to be hidden for as long as possible until I become strong enough to not feel threatened by them. I've already decided that the best way to grow strong was through devouring souls.

And I very much doubt they'd let me do that, Daughter of Tatsu Amamiya or not. I can't have them or anyone else knowing what I'm capable of. Ever. Not until I know for damn sure I can be safe regardless.

And at the same time, I thought a bit too highly of myself, thinking I could probably make good and decent armor before Kokabiel attacks. Spoiler alert: I could not. Because I realized making armor that strong is a lot harder than it looks and requires a lot of fucking time and materials.

I sigh to myself, rubbing my temple in frustration. I was being stupid, I should've taken the first option. I started overthinking and let my paranoia get the better of me. I couldn't have hidden my talents away from them forever. It'd be better to show them what I can do earlier.

What I should do is hide my growth. Due to the game, I'd be able to learn and improve at a rapid pace, so the unwise thing to do would be to show them that talent. The power given to me by the system. Not that I can make robots and stuff.

Now that I've accepted my mother's offer, I'd be able to get my hands on better stuff to work with rather than car engines and stuff.

I shake those thoughts out of my head as I choose my new class, and after giving it some thought, I think it's obvious, if a little… unorthodox.

Secondary Class gained

[Illusionist] – LVL 1/100 [0%]

Gain 2 INT, 2 WIS, and 1 CHA every level

Mastery skill gained

[Illusion Magic Control: Novice] – Mastery Skill

To bend the minds and trick the eyes of foolish creatures is a difficult but fine art. Don't let its lack of direct offensive capabilities fool you, for what can one damage if they're incapable of seeing what they're supposed to be hurting? Better yet, deceiving them into attacking their own allies? A good trickster knows to win battles without ever participating in them.

You're a mere beginner, and whatever spells you cast can only be used for party tricks.

Trick 25 Entities to reach the next Rank. Progress to Apprentice Rank [0/25]

This is going to be very, very useful in the long run, assuming I can get powerful enough to straight-up mind-control people. Hell, invisibility is a huge deal if I can stack it on cloaking tech.

I'm not dumb enough to use this willy-nilly though. I said this before, but keeping one trick up my sleeve and hidden from even my closest allies has to be a good decision to make. Keep it hidden and use it as sparingly as possible. Who knows just how much this could help?

I could've taken a class that could increase my END, but that still won't help very much. My HP scaling is linear, not exponential. At some point, even thousands of points in endurance won't help much. Perks are my go-to option in that regard.

Still, I'm proud of the progress I made in only a couple of days. Considering my current stats and the hilarious amount of magic damage bonus from perks, my Cryomancy has to be strong enough to seriously injure someone of Kokabiel's caliber. I think. I hope I'm not being arrogant here.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 120

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Swordmaster - LVL 20/100 [33%]

Secondary Class - Illusionist - LVL 1/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 17,850 [1190 per minute]

MP - 48,780 [13,368 per minute]

SP - 17,850 [1190 per minute]

STR - 1420

END - 1190

DEX - 1040

INT - 2502

WIS - 2228

CHA - 1190

LUK – 500

[Desperate Persistence] – Perk – 1000 END

Clinging on to life has never been easier for you, keeping you alive at Death's Door for a little longer.

Once HP reaches 0, you'll stay alive for one second for every 100 END you have, capping at 20 seconds. Natural regeneration is disabled and a single hit while in this stage will instantly kill you. Works once a day.

Can be bypassed by certain blows I.E decapitation.

[A Force to be Reckoned With] – Perk – 1000 STR

You're so physically powerful, you're able to tear through a lot of armor, physical or otherwise. Quite impressive indeed.

Your physical attacks ignore 5%-50% of armor depending on your own strength relative to the armor's level. Unarmored individuals take 50% more damage.

[Sublime Perception] – Perk – 1000 DEX

Occasionally, during crucial moments, time will slow down around you to a standstill, giving you ample opportunity to think of your next move.

Slight chance of time slowing down by 99.999999% when dodging lethal damage or getting an opening for a critical blow.

[Essence of the Wizard] – Perk – 2500 INT

With such force within, a fragment of your soul gained a powerful essence. This is only the beginning…

Magic damage is increased by 35%

Spell cost is reduced by 20%

MP is doubled

That's a lot of perks.

The endurance perk is going to be saving my ass a lot of times, won't it? It's not a pure invulnerability phase or anything like that, but goddamn if a second chance isn't useful. I need to stack up on healing items or something.

…Maybe I should've gotten a healing class? Hmm, that'd be useful since Asia won't be around at all times. I think after Illusionist, I'll take that. I'd go with Alchemist for potions, but I already have engineering as a crafting skill to worry about. And quick healing should be more useful than chugging potions like a drug addict anyway.

But what's really interesting was this little quest I got after getting that INT perk.

[Essence of Life] – Quest

Objective: Collect all Seven Essences [1/7]

Rewards: ???

Isn't this intriguing? Reaching 2500 in INT gave me an 'essence' perk, which is what I assume this quest is talking about. So I'm guessing that's the last of the milestone perks? I'll admit, it's a bit too simple compared to other INT perks, but it's powerful. Straight-up doubling my magic is incredible.

Just what can the other essences do? And what will my reward be once I get all of them? It doesn't tell me, so it must be something very powerful. I think. I don't trust the Game to be honest, but it's never fucked with the quests before.

Well, this is enough reflection. I just got some good materials from the yakuza delivered right to my door, and I'm very excited to see what they can do for that shitty armor I made.

I freeze the cig in my hand and crush it into tiny ice particles, opening the garage and going inside. Right on my left, next to a couple of toolboxes and broken devices, are two opened black cases. One has a strange, spherical piece of tech the size of a table tennis ball I've never seen before while the other looks like an open cube that's a bit bigger.

Both are colored black and have the Tojo's logo on them in gold, and a check with Observe tells me that the sphere is a 'mini reactor heart' with enough energy to power several city blocks. Now I'm pretty certain that my low-level armor can't handle that much energy, so I can't really use its full potential so to speak, but I still can use this instead of the weak car battery that died after a single punch from me. The cube is more of a case for the reactor than anything though.

…How did they fit so much energy in such a small device? This is incredible.

I take the two items and head to the workshop table where my armor is, taking a deep breath before reactivating my gravity belt on the final levels. 100 times gravity and level 10 of the magic seal thing.

I am nearly brought to my knees as the ground beneath me cracks, but I manage to keep my footing, gritting my teeth before refocusing on the device in front of me. It's going to be tough, but I need all the stats I can get.

With a slightly shaking arm, I take the wrench and begin working on the armor, until Lucifer decides to pipe up after hours of silence. He was content with watching me do my work, and I've learned to somewhat ignore his presence.

"Quite diligent, aren't you?" He notes with an amused smile. "It's very impressive to be working with such precision under the pressure. Physical or otherwise."

I don't give a verbal response, but I do make it clear that I'm listening to him by slightly tilting my head in the direction of where he is.

"But do take care of yourself. I understand that the situation at hand makes you a bit nervous, but resting is just as important." He continues. "We don't want you collapsing in the midst of battle."

I exhale, still focused on my work. I can see him lean forward, glancing at my face before humming quietly. A moment of oddly pleasant silence passes between us, with Lucifer walking around inspecting everything in the garage. Mostly the broken and dismantled car that I toyed with.

…I'm still not sure what to think about the guy. He's just way too different compared to what I've been told. He's nice, well-spoken, and clearly isn't anywhere near as power-hungry as I'm led to believe. Hell, he seems to value knowledge over power any day of the week.

But maybe that's because he's dead. Power won't be much use to him when he's a 'wandering spirit' as he put it.

"...You know, Akane." He says after a pause. "I've heard something rather interesting recently. A few days ago in fact."

I wait for him to continue.

"While you were asleep, I overheard your mother talking to some individual called Majima on the phone." He continued. "And he said something about the 'power cutting off'. Do you know what that phrase means?"

I immediately stop as I hear this. Wait, what? Power was cut off?

"...It means electricity, which is what powers most tech here, stopped," I respond with a whisper, glancing back at him. "...Are you sure you heard that right?"

"I am." He says, looking at the car. "Isn't that quite serious?"

It is. I think… Maybe? They're advanced in tech and all, so can that still happen? I don't know.

"But that isn't the interesting part." He turns to look at me, smiling. "It is the fact that the 'Amons' had a hand in that."

I pause and frown in confusion and thought. Amon?

"...The devil pillar?"

"That's what I thought as well, but it did not sound like it." Lucifer shakes his head, rubbing his chin. "I'm not quite sure what they meant, but whoever they are, your mother has a history with them."

What the hell does this even mean? Is my mom a devil and she didn't tell me? That doesn't make sense.

"In fact, when she was informed of that–" He points at the door leading to the living room. "She was ready to rush to your room."

…and now I suddenly feel very unsafe.

This is very good info though. So my mother either interacted with the Amon devil pillar, she's a part of them – which is very unlikely – or they weren't talking about devils. Interesting. I'm not mad or annoyed that she didn't tell me yet, but considering her reaction, if what Lucifer said was true…

So I'm not only being targeted by Kokabiel but possibly by an entire assassin clan that produced a legend that now acts like a moron. Wow. That's awesome. What the fuck am I going to do with this information?

…I need to talk to my mother about this, and fast. If I really am being targeted, then I think I have every right to know what wants to kill me so I can kill it first. There is one small issue with this though.

How the hell am I supposed to confront her about this without looking suspicious as fuck?

"I see…" I mutter, putting my wrench on the table. "...Thank you for telling me."

"Of course." His smile widens.

As I try to think of a way to bring this up to my mother, the lights of the garage suddenly cut off, casting complete darkness over the entire place. I pause and frown, putting the wrench down. What the hell…?

"Behind you. Fallen Angels." Lucifer suddenly warns, prompting me to act.

I quickly turn around and flash-freeze whatever's behind me, wings of ice sprouting from my back as I fly high in the sky, easily crashing through the ceilings of my house. I look around frantically, deactivating and taking off the gravity belt, letting it fall back down.

In the next second, I see several spears of light soaring toward me, but I easily block all of them by waving my hand and casting a wall of ice. I narrow my eyes as I spot the armored fallen angels all flying up to my level. They're strong, and all of them are high-class in power. Nothing like the pathetic Raynare and her dumb mooks.

So he does have his own followers, huh…

How brave of them, attacking me so boldly like this. Still, this only brings a smile to my face once I sense the huge amount of power in the distance. So he's finally making his move? Took him long enough.

My grin turns confident as I notice some of them flinching once I release my magical aura.

I never thought that Warmonger would be nice enough to deliver me some appetizers like this.

Had some difficulties writing the beginning of the battle, but everything else should be smooth sailing from here. The next chapter might even have a new commissioned picture attached to it.

The essence perk thingy was inspired by Terraria's Fargo's Souls mod. If you know, you know.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, A Simurgh Plot, wolfFry1132 and 239 others
Mirlnir
Jun 14, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
48 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Sramon
 [NSFW] A Devil's Possibilities (DxD)
Sramon Tuesday at 21:43 Words: 21k 1 2 competent evil evil mc harem
Replies33
Views5K
Today at 12:14
AmnesiacPhoenix
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
501aris/N0ct15
[NSFW] Like a Dragon: Supernaturally Unpredictable(Yakuza/Highschool DxD)
501aris/N0ct15 Apr 12, 2026 Words: 9.3k cross posted from ao3 crossover harem (obviously for anyone who knows my works)
Replies13
Views2K
Apr 14, 2026
501aris/N0ct15
501aris/N0ct15
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] DxD: Like a Devil [DxD x Yakuza Fem Gamer]
 Thread starterMirlnir  Start dateNov 8, 2020  Tagscorruption of morals evil mc female protag gamer fic high school dxd high school dxd au manipulative main character multicross possible harem yakuza
Prev  
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks True Chapter 30: Family Gathering
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 17, 2023
Add bookmark
#551
– Mizuki –

Calmly glancing at the five Fallen Angels surrounding her and Asia, Mizuki's eyes narrowed in annoyance, protecting the cowering nun behind her. What a pain in the ass, can't do shit without something going south. She hated this shitty town already.

Well, at least she was prepared for this. She knew they were going to attack eventually, and aside from Kokabiel and other cadres, Mizuki was pretty confident in her abilities to beat the hell out of them. They weren't that powerful.

They had to do an attack in the middle of town, which was pretty annoying, especially considering how people were all watching and recording this. Though, in all fairness, why should they care about collateral when their main goal was starting a damned war? Whatever, she needed to deal with them now. While making sure nobody was hurt.

"What's this? Some kind of cosplay act?"

"In the middle of the streets?"

"Why are they ganging up on two girls?"

"Should we call the police?"

"Damn, those wings look realistic as fuck."

Pain.

"You don't really have to do this, you know," Mizuki said, trying to convince them. "Just drop it. Go home. This isn't worth dying for."

Some hesitated, but their resolve and/or loyalty to Kokabiel was stronger than their clear desire not to fight. One tightened his grip on his light spear before charging at Mizuki, thrusting at her.

Mizuki sighed and side-stepped, grabbing the spear and elbowing the guy in the face, breaking the helmet instantly. With two quick blows, Mizuki used her ki and hit two pressure points in his chest before she swept him off his legs with a kick and slammed his head to the ground, knocking him out.

"Holy shit!"

"Dude, you saw how she moved?!"

"Are you sure this is some kind of play?"

That moment of hesitance was clear. They were forced to do this, so Mizuki had no reason to kill them. Not like she was going to anyway. Killing was the last thing she wanted to do. Having them suffer the consequences under Azazel was honestly a lot better. And they weren't devils, so she didn't feel as strong of an urge.

Kill them. A voice in her head whispered. Kill them now.

Ah, never mind. There it was.

Mizuki ignored it as she glared at the rest.

"Don't listen to whatever Kokabiel is telling you." Mizuki tried again. "Don't you have families to go back to?"

Once again, they hesitated but their will wasn't broken. Two more charged at the former Amon Agent, a male with swords and a female with a great axe. Mizuki's gaze sharpened as she pushed Asia out of the way, using an open palm to strike the former in the chest before twirling and kicking the latter's weapon out of her hand.

Mizuki moved quickly and circled around the female Fallen Angel, grabbing her by the arm and forcefully dislocating her shoulder, striking a pressure point in her side in the next instant. The woman fell to the ground, out cold.

What are you doing? Kill them. Embrace who you really are.

The other one finally recovered as the remaining two moved in to attack. Mizuki used her magic to cast arm guards and used them to block the swing of a sword as she responded with a brutal kick to the Fallen Angel's nuts, before rendering him unconscious with an uppercut.

They're enemies. They deserve to die. That's how the world works, and you know that.

The last two reached her at the same time, but Mizuki was ready for them. She backhanded the one behind her, making sure to hold back so he wasn't sent flying at the dumb fucking audience around them, then crouched beneath a horizontal slash, charging up her Touki and one-inch punching him in the chest, instantly knocking him out.

…What a weakling. The voice got louder, but Mizuki learned to live with it ages ago. You're a coward.

It could cry and whine all it wanted. She would never give in to those disgusting desires.

Act otherwise all you want. You will always be a remorseless killer. A monster.

There's no point in ignoring what you desire.

Kill them.

Mizuki would not kill without purpose ever again.

The one behind her couldn't even recover fast enough before Mizuki took him by the collar and slammed him against the ground, hitting him hard in the chest. This little 'play' caused the watchers to all cheer and clap for the show.

There, all of them are unconscious. Now to wait for the Majima Family to deal with this.

"Woah, you go, girl!"

"That was epic!"

"Goddamn, she looked like she barely even tried!"

Mizuki had half of a mind to tell them to fuck right off.

"Are you okay?" Asia asked in concern.

"Please, this was too easy." Mizuki responded with bravado. "I used to beat up all kinds of thugs back then, you kno–"

"Soft."

Mizuki froze, a horrible chill going down her spine as she instantly recognized the voice. Cold sweat ran down her face as she slowly turned around, watching the current leader of the Amon Clan standing in the middle of the crowd and staring at her directly.

"So soft." He repeated. "I almost didn't recognize you."

Mizuki's heart was pounding as she got in front of Asia, looking at her brother with a mixture of fear and anger. She couldn't hear anything else, not Asia's words of concern, nor the chatter of the crowd around them.

He glanced at the knocked-out Fallen Angels, his neutral expression never changing.

"It's pathetic." He continued. "The Rin I know would've killed them all in seconds."

"Don't you fucking call me that." Mizuki growled, clenching her fists tightly.

"Hm? Right, you go by 'Mizuki' these days." He corrected himself, and in the next second, he pulled out a gun. "Well, it doesn't matter."

"Stop–!" Mizuki tried to act, but it was too late as he shot one of the Fallen Angels in the head, making Asia flinch violently.

This got the crowd to disperse, civilians running and shouting at the crazy guy with a gun, some even tried to call the police, but Mizuki was sure that wouldn't help at all. She scowled at him in anger, feeling her magic rising.

Even more so when he shot every single one of them in the span of a millisecond. Mizuki only stood there watching, incapable of stopping him. In her current state, she didn't stand a chance against him. He'd kill her and Asia in a second if he wanted to.

Asia hugged Mizuki's back as she sobbed in fear and horror. Witnessing such an act was not healthy for someone as delicate and empathetic as her.

"Bastard…" She hissed. "They were no threat to you."

"They were." He disagreed. "They were defeated and they knew too much."

"Some random Fallen Angels knew too much?"

"Knowing of my existence is enough to put them on my kill list." He answered casually. "I had to do what had to be done."

What angered Mizuki the most was how she understood and even adopted that mindset once upon a time.

"You never changed, Jo." She claimed, scowl deepening. "As disgusting and heartless as ever."

"And you?" He tilted his head to the side. "Who once was the most talented, the most accomplished of the Amon– a legend… now turned into this pathetic excuse for a warrior who cowered and ran away at a moment's notice."

Mizuki felt the pure unadulterated loathing in his tone, and it made her happy. Good, he hated her nearly as much as she hated him.

"Ironic." She scoffed. "You're the one who let me go that night, disobeying the clan head's commands. You are the one that offered me peace as long as I didn't reveal anything about you or the Amon. You are the one that betrayed the clan by killing our father."

"Father was a fool." He responded easily, not acknowledging the other accusations. "His hubris and arrogance would've led to our downfall eventually. I got rid of him because I wanted to protect what I had. What I earned."

Bullshit. Mizuki thought but held her tongue. You hated him too. You killed him for revenge and greed. You wanted the clan for yourself.

But Mizuki didn't care about his motives of the past anymore. With how he was aiming the gun at her as she was frozen there, knowing a single bad move could end up with a bullet in her skull, she knew she couldn't fight him off or try to escape.

She didn't know what he was doing here or where he got the courage to even show up, but she had to know one thing.

"What are you planning?" She questioned. "What the hell do you want from Akane?"

"You are in no position to be interrogating me." He replied coldly. "So I suggest you stay quiet, or else the next bullet goes through your head."

Not really having other options, she listened, but her glare filled with hatred didn't falter as she gazed directly into his eyes. She didn't know what his plan was, but he was clearly preventing her from going to Akane. She could sense Majima and Saejima fighting something in the distance, which made her all the more nervous.

Mizuki hoped someone had gotten to her daughter already.

She was having a bad feeling about this.


– David –

He knew whatever he felt in the woods was going to be a trap. That's why he left Irina and Xenovia to investigate it on his own, but he had gotten careless. For a moment, he had thought they'd be fine considering that the Tojo Clan's eyes were everywhere in Kuoh, but then the power cut off.

And once it did, he knew exactly what they planned to do. He hadn't expected them to somehow neutralize the yakuza like this, or at least their security. Had he been a second too late, he'd have caused the deaths of the two girls.

Thank god he was quick enough to figure it out. He did not want the blood of two young girls on his conscience. But they still weren't out of the woods just yet. David knew how dangerous War General Kokabiel was. He wasn't even sure he was strong enough to handle him on his own.

The cadre was much stronger than he anticipated. He hoped his companions were having a better time against the other Fallen Angels, but he trusted Irina and Xenovia. Hopefully, reinforcements would arrive before they get seriously hurt.

David grunted as he deflected the holy beams coming his way, Galatine being more than enough to withstand and overpower Kokabiel's magic. He dodged and weaved, struggling to keep up with the cadre who rushed toward him.

The veteran exorcist leaped back, making distance between himself and his enemy. He swung his holy blade directly at Kokabiel, who, instead of blocking, took the risky approach and dodged instead, regardless of how close the sword was to his neck.

Kokabiel grinned, waving his arm as dozens of light arrows soared toward David from his right side. The Exorcist gritted his teeth and slashed in a wide arc, creating a powerful barrier that blocked the lethal spells.

However, that made him open to Kokabiel's next attack, and David failed to evade the kick to his side that sent him through several trees and crashing into the mountainside. He flinched but moved quickly as he blocked a spear that was an inch away from his face.

David glared at the slowly approaching Kokabiel, who had a wide, arrogant smirk on his face.

"You're quite skilled, Priest." The cadre praised. "Not many humans can reach this level of power without a Sacred Gear. You've convinced me. Perhaps you are worthy of wielding that blade."

"I have never looked for your approval, nor even thought of it, Warmonger," David responded with scorn. "You will not leave this town alive, on that, I swear to God."

"Do you now?" He laughed. "You poor thing. They haven't told you a thing, did they?"

"...Told me what?"

"Of course they didn't. Those damned cowards." Kokabiel snorted, then shrugged. "Well, I respect your bravery in facing me directly, so I'll spare you from this silly lie you're living in."

David narrowed his eyes and tightened his grip over Galatine, not really understanding what the cadre was saying. He sharpened his stance and–

"God is dead."

David froze.

But then his glare deepened.

"Mind games won't work on me." He said. "For your transgressions, I will cut you down."

David sprinted toward the cadre, who chuckled in amusement and excitement. The exorcist dragged Galatine across the grass before swinging it upward, creating a powerful beam of true holy energy that cut through half the area. Kokabiel barely dodged it, only suffering a cut on his cheek before he retreated back by flying.

David wasn't going to let him escape and dashed, jumping from tree to tree before leaping directly in front of Kokabiel, who once again, narrowly evaded his slash. The priest blocked the cadre's hammer of light, which shattered in contact with Galatine. However, the force of the attack still sent David to the ground.

He swung Galatine again and again, sending slashes of light at Kokabiel. The cadre, though grinning the entire time, seemed to have had enough of being on the defensive as he descended rapidly, avoiding the beams of light and crashing into David, destroying several trees and boulders.

David kicked the cadre off him, getting into a close-quarter clash. Kokabiel was slightly faster, pressuring him to block and parry without a window to counter. Fortunately, every single weapon Kokabiel made with his light broke on contact with Galatine. Unfortunately, he was fast enough to create a new weapon as soon as the latest one broke.

From swords to spears, hammers to axes, daggers to halberds, Kokabiel continued his assault, putting David on the backfoot. He even made guns and modern weaponry, showing extreme mastery in magic. The immense difference in experience and skill was obvious for the two.

"Where did your earlier confidence go?" Kokabiel shouted as their clash continued. "Was that all talk?"

David growled but did not let his words get to him. He waited for the perfect opportunity to turn the tables, slowly getting used to the rhythm of his enemy's movement. Finally, he saw it. A split-second opening that he exploited.

He blocked the slash of a sword, then crouched and tilted his head slightly to avoid the thrust of a spear, swinging his holy blade with the intention to cleave the cadre in half. Kokabiel's grin dropped as he realized the danger he was in.

Kokabiel managed to leap out of the way, but not without the sword cutting his side and stomach. He kneeled down and hissed in pain as true holy energy burned through the wide cut, damaging him significantly.

David knew that this wasn't enough to put him down. Perhaps if the cut went two inches deeper, but he was facing a cadre. A very powerful and experienced one. He knew this battle wouldn't be this easy.

"Devils aren't the only beings weak to holy energy," David said out loud. "You've lost the light of the Father. You gave in to sin and were cast out, abandoned by Him as you abandoned Him."

Kokabiel slowly stood up as his grin returned.

"'Abandoned' you say?" He chuckled. "Didn't you hear me? He is dead. He was killed by Lucifer in the Great War."

"Do you think I'd fall for the lies of a heretic?" David raised a brow. "You're out of your mind. The Lord resides in Heaven, as he always has."

Kokabiel remained silent for a moment, then he looked up to the sky.

"Oh, how I wish that were the case." He said with such sincerity that it left David puzzled. "If he was still alive, then perhaps we wouldn't be living in a doomed world."

"What the hell are you saying?" David questioned. "Have you lost it?"

Kokabiel looked back at him and then vanished out of sight. The exorcist responded just as quickly, spinning around and blocking the cadre's leg with his arm. David sharpened his senses as the fight continued, with his opponent becoming far more careful and sharper than before.

"You've fought well until now, David Cerro." Kokabiel praised, casting dozens and dozens of light spells behind him. "But I will not let you or anyone else stop me from getting my final wish."

"We will see about that."

David knew that the real fight only just started once Kokabiel released his immense magical aura.


– Xenovia –

The situation had gotten significantly worse once Kokabiel and David took their fight somewhere else.

Xenovia crouched under a wide swing of an enemy's light greatsword, slashing with her Excalibur Destruction. However, the Fallen was no weakling, and was fast enough to flap his wings and fly above her attack, sending several light rays at her from above.

The swordswoman sidestepped and barely avoided the magic, leaping at the flying enemy with a roar. Her quick movement was just enough to land a scratch on his leg, but a scratch was all she needed as her Excalibur Destruction erased half of the Fallen Angel's body, killing him in an instant.

Xenovia couldn't even see the dead body before another enemy took his place, slashing at her shoulder. She gasped and bit down a scream, twirling around and bisecting the heretic who managed to land a hit. She hissed as she put a hand on her injured shoulder. Not a deep cut, so it wasn't that serious, but still an injury.

"Xenovia!" Her partner cried out in concern, retreating to her side. "Are you alright?!"

"I'm fine. Focus." Xenovia said, exhaling. "We need to stick close. They're strong and they outnumber us."

Irina growled threateningly at the two dozen Fallen Angels around them, her back against Xenovia's as the two prepared for the battle of their lives. They were at a massive disadvantage, and if not for their Excaliburs giving them a small boost in power, they would've died a while ago.

This was bad. They needed backup, but David was too busy with Kokabiel to help them, and while Xenovia was confident in her own skill in the way of the sword, she knew that wouldn't be enough. One of their first lessons, and one Sister Griselda always, always repeated, was to know when you were at a disadvantage, and to call for help when you need it. She took it to heart, of course. Griselda terrified her to no end, but she was practically a mother to Xenovia.

But what were they supposed to do now? How were they going to call for any kind of backup when they were cornered like this? Logically speaking, the yakuza girl had to be sensing what was going on, so she had to be on her way here and Xenovia would feel a lot more confident with someone like her on their side, but what was taking her so long? Had she been attacked where she was as well?

Several Fallen Angels attacked the two novice exorcists, prompting them to stand their ground. Irina sidestepped and evaded a stab of a spear, thrusting her own sword at the Fallen, who managed to take a step back. Unfortunately for him, Excalibur Mimic changed from a katana to a spear, going through his skull and ending his life.

Irina changed it back to a sword and blocked another strike, struggling in a battle of strength. Xenovia was moving as well, dancing around two enemies at once. She ignored the pain in her shoulder as she took out Durandal with her left hand, using it and an Excalibur Piece at the same time.

One of the Fallen angels attacking her was surprised and couldn't evade the power of Durandal's light as it completely vaporized him, leaving no trace behind. The other one flinched in shock and fear, giving Xenovia the perfect moment to turn to him and decapitate him with Destruction, his head erased before it hit the ground.

It was then that she felt danger next to her, jumping away just in time for a spear of light to miss her back and hit her leg. She took a sharp breath, glowering at the culprit. Bastard…

Irina's cry of pain shook her out of it, though. Xenovia's eyes widened once she saw her partner falling to the ground, bleeding from a nasty wound on her back. The Fallen that dealt the blow was preparing to kill her, but the blue-haired swordswoman couldn't let him.

Ignoring the pain, Xenovia took the spear out of her leg and sprinted forward, swinging and screaming in anger.

"Get the hell away from her!" She roared.

The Fallen Angel saw her and tried to retreat, but she was fast enough to stab him in the heart with Durandal first. Xenovia scowled as she stood by Irina, who slowly stood back up, wincing in pain.

"S-sorry…" Irina muttered.

"Don't be." Xenovia responded. "Just be careful. I'd be… displeased if you die."

Irina giggled, preparing to continue the fight regardless of her wound.

"I'd be sad if you died too."

There were still too many enemies, but just as several of them charged once again, reinforcements finally arrived.

Xenovia readied herself to parry a hammer swing, but then a small fist connected with the Fallen Angel's face, making her blink. The golden eyes of a white-haired devil met hers, then she nodded.

"Sorry." The devil said softly, stepping back as she saw and felt the holy blades Xenovia was holding. "We're late."

Xenovia wanted to respond but was interrupted by multiple blasts of different elements striking the Fallen Angels. Out of the woods, several devils made themselves known. The two heiresses and their peerages were here to help them.

Well, better than nothing, I suppose.

The Sitri and Gremory Devils landed next to the novice exorcists, looking at them seriously.

"You're injured." She noted. "Can you still fight?"

"For the most part." Irina responded.

"We'll be fine. We're more resilient than normal humans." Xenovia added.

"If you insist." Sona nodded. "Your leader is facing Kokabiel, I imagine?"

"Yes." The blue-haired exorcist nodded. "We need to assist him, but not before taking care of Kokabiel's subordinates."

"Then allow us," Rias smirked confidently. "Kiba, Koneko, Akeno, it's our time to shine."

Two of them – the females – responded positively to their King's commands. However, the blond male one looked at Xenovia and Irina with pure contempt, not tearing his gaze away from them. No, it was more accurate to say that he was glaring at their swords.

Xenovia narrowed her eyes.

"What are you looking at, Devil?"

His eyes twitched, but then he finally looked away, glaring at the Fallen Angels instead as he manifested two wind swords. She didn't know what his problem was, but Xenovia already hated him even more than the other devils.

Well, that didn't matter much.

They still had a battle to win.


– Akane –

Five, six, seven Fallen Angels surround me with their light magic weaponry. That's all? I mean, sure, they're a lot more powerful than the average Fallen Angel I've faced before, but this is kind of… I don't know. I don't feel as threatened as I thought I'd be. As long as I don't suffer a direct hit, I should be fine.

Well, to be honest, I expected Kokabiel himself to target me, but I guess he's planning to take care of the exorcists first, probably to secure the Excalibur pieces before moving on with his plan. I think. I can't sense the guy himself, but the holy weapons are being used.

Good. Assuming David can at least do his job for a bit and buy some time, I'd be able to quickly finish the armor before joining the fight. After I'm done with these guys. Hmm…

"Well done," Lucifer says as he floats beside me. "You evaded that ambush quite well."

"Wouldn't have been as smooth without your warning," I respond, not caring if they hear me. They're gonna die anyway. "...Thanks, I owe you."

Lucifer smiles but says nothing as I refocus on the enemy. That was a good surprise attack, though. I was too distracted by the lights cutting off and would've gotten hit if not for him. A quick look around the area told me that the entire town is out of power. Could this be from those 'Amon' Lucifer told me about?

And if all power was cut off, does that mean the yakuza aren't seeing this either? If that's the case, then that's very, very good for me. I don't have to worry about holding back– In fact, I can finally use Devour on something. If I'm able to devour all of their souls…

Then I might not even need the suit to fight Kokabiel. Damn, I really should thank the guy for sending these low-tier mobs my way. Though the yakuza are probably on their way here, so I should finish this quickly.

Once the Fallen Angels attack, I immediately cast all of my defensive spells and fly higher, raising my hands up and unleashing a rain of ice swords and spears. Most evade as one of them tries to block them with a barrier of light, but to his and even my surprise, the spells easily go through it, turning him into a frozen pincushion in the next second.

Level up X2!

What the fuck? I didn't even overcharge those, and he still died so easily.

Goddamn, how strong is my ice magic?

I am broken out of my shock when one of them manages to land a hit on me, slamming me with a hammer of light that sends me down toward the pavement and through a house. I grit my teeth and flip, getting back on my feet and ignoring the pain and screams of the house's residents.

Another tries to sneak up behind me but I see him, ducking under a blade swing before twirling and kicking him in the throat. I snap my fingers and several ice bullets soar toward the Fallen Angel, riddling him with holes. By the fifth bullet, he dies, falling and bleeding on the ground.

Level up X2!

That's two. Five more.

"Tsk…" I frown in annoyance.

Killing them like this means I won't be able to eat their souls. I need to leave them barely alive for Devour to work. I don't think I'm strong enough to do it without needing to damage them first. What a pain.

My eyes land on a terrified woman holding a small boy, looking at me in utter terror. Then I glance at the dead body of the Fallen Angel next to them, painting the wooden floor a deep crimson. Probably isn't a good idea to fight in the middle of town.

"Sorry." I say casually.

…Eh, I can just put the blame on these Fallen Fuckers. With a blackout like this, I very much doubt that the yakuza would be watching this. Also, it is technically their fault for starting the fight here, soooo…

With that in mind, I charge toward the third one, and with the difference in speed, he doesn't notice until I'm directly in front of him with an ice blade in my hand. I can hear him gasping in shock and terror, but he isn't quick enough to avoid his arm being amputated.

I feel a weird, but pleasant rush going through me as I hear his pained scream, so much so that I pause for a split second to try to comprehend this emotion, watching him groan and cry at his missing arm. Once I recognize what it is, I shake those thoughts off and send him to the ground with a kick, encasing him in a small prison made of ice.

I can't exactly see his face there with the dark helmet he's wearing, but I imagine the expression of excruciating pain on it, and that made me feel unreasonably good. Like, heart pounding and shivering in excitement kind of good. That's fucked, I didn't think the Sadistic trait would be this strong.

Now I'm not exactly against having this trait, not after feeling that, but I don't think I'd be in a good position if someone saw me like this. It's not really moral, after all, and this general morality that everyone seems to have is exactly what's stopping me from using Devour on everything I see.

…I hate playing the good guy.

I quickly turn around and parry a sword swing from one of the four remaining Fallen Angels, kneeing him in the stomach before grabbing him by the mouth and flash-freezing his insides with an overcharged spell. His body can't handle it and it explodes, casting a mist of frozen blood and blue ice as the rest of his limbs fall to the ground.

Level up X2!

I blink and click my tongue in irritation as I realize that I accidentally killed him. Shit, my body keeps moving on its own. I didn't mean to do that. Focus, Akane. You need them injured, but alive. You need all the power you can get before facing off against Kokabiel.

This is honestly a lot harder than it looks. They're too fragile… er, well, they aren't. Not for their level at least. My ice magic is just way too strong for someone of my current strength. Like, three ranks above what it should be, and I'm not really used to fighting without killing. This isn't the same as killing zombies in the dungeon.

Still, picking Cryomancer as my first class was the right decision. I really am a genius.

"Vicious," Lucifer comments. "Very good. Showing unrestrained brutality in battle makes your enemies afraid, and enemies should be afraid of you. Though, you did leave that one alive. For what reason?"

Ah, shit, he's gonna see me use Devour on that moron. I mean, it should be fine, right? I don't think he has the moral high ground to lecture me, assuming he even gives a fuck in the first place. Hell, this comment makes me think he'd be impressed rather than repulsed.

The three remaining enemies are all clearly scared once I look at them, giving them a cruel smirk that promises pain. They don't show any intentions of running away, though, which I do find rather admirable. They are soldiers, after all. They knew they were going to die in battle eventually. I might as well give them a nice clean death.

Though, I don't know if having your very soul eaten can be considered 'clean'.

The three all charge at me at once, one rushing directly toward me, one to my right, and one to my left. In response, I prepare a spell I've been working on recently, and once all are close enough, I release a powerful omnidirectional explosion, completely freezing all of them instantly.

I do hold back enough to not just kill them and quickly catch all three of them before they fall to their deaths. I'm pretty sure hitting the ground like this would shatter and end their lives immediately, and I don't want that.

Once I put them on the ground, I look for that other one I imprisoned. I should get his soul first. Before he bleeds out.

I spot him and rush toward him, ignoring the pleasurable emotion as I hear his cries and moans of pain, which is a lot fucking harder than it sounds. I dispel the ice prison and approach him, looking down on him as he finally acknowledges my existence.

Once again, I can't see his expression, but I know it must be one of utter misery and fear.

Delicious.

"What are you thinking?" Lucifer asks, tilting his head at me. "Torturing him?... Heh, you do like the sound of that, don't you? Though, I advise you to not waste your time here and instead assist your–"

I ignore the Devil God and finally activate Devour. My right arm turns as dark as the void, and to my absolute surprise, makes Lucifer himself flinch, his smile replaced by a look of shock, and eyes widening to match it.

"What is this…?" He whispers.

I already know I'm a pretty fucked up individual, but I feel extra fucked once I feel butterflies in my stomach at the prospect of absorbing someone's soul. Finally, my first real soul to devour, right here in front of me. No yakuza to worry about, nobody to see this…

Yeah okay, I guess I can see why that 'Neutral Evil' alignment never left my status.

Without wasting any more time, I grab the Fallen Angel by the collar and thrust my right hand into his chest. He gasps and chokes, trying to yank my arm out as I slowly pull his very soul out of his body. There is a lot of resistance– way more than the dungeon zombies, but I am able to overpower him until–

My eyes widen as I feel a sharp pain in my shoulder, forcing me to drop the fallen angel. I fly away and hiss once I see the bullet wound where I was hit, scowling at the culprit. It wasn't another Fallen Angel, but a smug-looking guy in black who seems to be around my age, arm outstretched and aiming a gun at me.

I look at the Fallen Angel, who is wheezing as he clutches his own chest, unbelievable terror radiating off him, and growl in frustration, extending my hand toward his head and shooting him with an ice bullet, killing him instantly. He was going to die from bleeding out anyway, so might as well get it over with.

Level up!

Now, who the fuck…?

Name: Shin Amon

Title: Shadow of the Successor

HP - 150,000

MP - 87,000

SP - 180,000

Race - Enhanced Human

LVL - 245

STR - 2551

END - 1004

DEX - 1312

INT - 1100

WIS - 890

CHA - 740

LUK - 100

Thoughts about you – Is very interested in you. Wonders how you hold up against him and the rest of the Amon clan.

Reputation - 10

Affection - 0

Obedience - 0

Loyalty - 0

So these assholes aren't devils. What the hell is an enhanced human, though? Well, whatever it is, he's tough. I can take him on, but I know nothing about the guy. The lack of information makes me a bit anxious. I don't know what I should be expecting.

For fuck's sake, Mom. Why the fuck didn't you tell me anything about them?

I stop the bleeding in my shoulder by recasting my defensive spells, knowing they can deal with a small wound like that and keep my blood in my body. I keep eye contact the whole time, recasting more swords to use and several Frost Spirits to protect me. The guy, or Shin I guess, snorts and puts the gun back in his coat, before suddenly vanishing out of view.

"He'll attack from behind," Lucifer warns.

I narrow my eyes and spin around, blocking a swing of his own ice sword that he got from… somewhere, prompting him to chuckle.

"Nice reflexes." He compliments. "You're not half bad. Exactly what I'd expect from my cousin."

Cousin?

I redirect and parry his blade before kicking him in the chest, slowly processing what he just said. Wait what? We're related? I have a cousin? Or is he saying this to get into my head?

I get those thoughts out of my head as I focus on the enemy in front of me. Questions for later.

So this is the Amon Clan, the assassin organization my mom was from. She really should've told me about them sooner.

"Be on guard." Lucifer says as my supposed 'cousin' gets back into his stance. "I can sense the same energy you have within him. Not as profound or sharp as yours, but he's most likely a descendant of a Yuki Onna as well."

That… pretty much confirms it. Also explains why he has an ice sword identical to the one I have.

"Any reason why he's faster than he's supposed to be?" I ask quietly, glancing at the sudden increase in his stats. "His power just spiked up."

"Touki." Lucifer answers simply.

That's the thing my mom uses in training. Shit. I still haven't figured out how to do that yet, and from what I know, it's something that gives a specific percentage increase in physical stats depending on your mastery. That's too useful, and too dangerous when enemies use it.

"Looks like you've found yourself a rather difficult foe." He smiles at me. "I'm interested to see how you handle this."

Yeah, sure, have your fun as I fight for my fucking life here.

Dick.

"Cousin?" I say out loud, trying to buy some time. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"What, did your mother never tell you?" He raises a brow. "Well, I'm not surprised. I was told that she was a coward who abandoned the clan."

For some reason, my anger flares at the casual insults he throws at my mom, making me tighten my grip on my sword.

"Get to the point." I narrow my eyes in irritation.

"I've already given you a topic to talk to her about. Ask her when you can, assuming you live to see another day." He shrugs, grinning. "I'm not sparing you any more time."

Well, okay, that does help actually. I was just wondering how I was supposed to confront her like, five minutes ago.

Once again, he vanishes from sight, but Lucifer was there to help.

"From above."

I stomp on the ground and force a beam of ice to protrude out of it, hitting Shin in the stomach and sending him backward. Not wanting to give him time to recover, I use a considerable percentage of my magic to barrage him with a dozen different pieces of ice weaponry, all flying at him at equal speed.

"To your right."

I answer the warning and swing my sword, blocking his slash as he easily dodges every spell I throw at him. I grit my teeth as I struggle against his higher strength before using my clearly superior magic to cast several ice pikes behind him. Shin's smile never leaves his face as he pushes me off him and flicks his left arm, creating some kind of a barrier that manages to block everything.

And in the next instant, he rushes toward me and punches me in the stomach, knocking the wind out of me and sending me crashing back to my own house. I cough violently, struggling to draw a breath but force myself back up again, frantically looking around for him.

He's really fast and that's a big fucking problem.

This time, however, I hear him accidentally hitting some of the shit I have lying around the garage, which gives me just enough time to duck under his fist, using all of my strength to hit him directly in the chest. I can hear the sharp intake of breath before he's sent back to the road.

Careless. It is pretty dark in here after the blackout, so it isn't his fault for not seeing shit, but I'd expect more from an assassin.

Still, I rush him after that direct hit, continuing with my assault. He flinches as he sees me swinging my blade at him, barely evading his head being decapitated, but he doesn't see the giant hammer above him until it is too late.

A massive crater forms in the middle of the road, but to my surprise, he isn't turned into paste. His body flickers a strange blue glow, which reminds me of the same shield that Ed Guy used. Resistant to magic? Go figure.

Shin tries to get up, but I kick him right in the face and send him flying through several houses. He flips and lands on his feet, quickly avoiding a roundhouse kick from me and aiming to grab my leg.

But I've had this happen to me before, so I counter by casting a chain around his arm and dragging it back before I twirl and land an axe kick directly on his head. The force of the strike is so strong,it causes a shockwave that shatters the glass of every house around us

Shockingly, the guy doesn't seem to be that hurt from it as he straight up spears me back to my home, crashing through every wall and object he could find including the frozen Fallen Angels that I was saving up to devour before dragging me through the pavement.

Level up X4!

God fucking damn it. This motherfucker.

I try to get him off me by kicking and hitting his head, but he seems relatively undamaged. Seems, because he is damaged from what I can see of his HP. Shin drags his arm back as I'm still pinned to the ground, and throws a punch that I'm barely able to avoid.

The ground beneath cracks and shatters from the force as his fist makes contact with the pavement, making me think that this could've killed me. That was unlike his other attacks just now. What the fuck?

Acting quickly, I grab him by the collar and headbutt him, which does hurt me a bit, but it is enough to get him off me for a moment at least. I kick him away from me and jump backward, wiping the blood off my mouth.

He's tough alright, but I do have a good chance of beating him.

"You're doing quite well." Lucifer praises. "Keep it up, Akane."

Please, my body still remembers how to fight, reincarnation or not. I still fought hundreds of punks and gangsters before this dipshit.

…I am a bit pleased to know that a cousin of mine knows how to fight, though. That I can admit.

"You're good." He chuckles, rolling his neck as he stands back up. "Real good. Knowing you're no pushover makes me happy."

Oh look, he has the same idea. We really are related.

"But you're really unobservant, too." He suddenly says, making me pause. "Either that or just heartless."

I am about to ask him what the hell he meant by that before he looks back at the destroyed houses behind him, making me follow his gaze to see several dead bodies. It was at this moment I hear the cries and screams of despair and horror of the neighbors seeing their family members crushed by debris caused by our clash– the grieving cries of that same mother holding her kid's dead body, making me realize what I'd done.

…Oops? Damn it, I knew I should've taken this fight somewhere else. Eh, I can still put the blame on him anyway, so who cares.

"All these poor people. You dragged them into this fight." He snorts, looking back at me. "You killed them."

I don't respond in any way, making his smirk widen. I mean, yeah, but I don't really care.

"And I still see no guilt from you. Not even a speck of it. You're just like the rest of us." He laughs. "A real piece of shit, aren't you?"

I can feel Lucifer's gaze on me, but not an ounce of judgment from him. Feels like he's studying me, unlike this 'cousin' of mine. Honestly, I'm not sure what he's trying to do nor do I know how to respond. I don't know enough about him to really say anything.

"Shame. Thought you'd be different." He continues with a sigh. "If Aunty was here to see this, she'd be heartbroken."

This gets me to react for whatever reason. I scowl at the mention of my mother, feeling my magic bubbling up alongside my rage.

"Fuck you say?" I growl.

"Sorry, did I hit a nerve?" He states in a mocking tone.

I know he's playing me, but fuck him.

I rush forward and throw a right hook, which he easily evades by ducking under. However, even though I'm kind of pissed right now, I'm not stupid, and anticipate this by quickly casting another chain that pulls his leg back, breaking his balance.

Shin is not able to avoid the direct knee to his stupid face, breaking his sunglasses and probably his nose. He's sent flying backward, flipping a few times before landing on his stomach. He's clearly faster and stronger than me, but he seems to lack experience for some reason.

Like come on, I expected an assassin to see through that. I even prepared three more tricks behind it just in case. He does look my age, but I don't think that's an excuse for a literal killer for hire.

His attitude is weird, too. He doesn't seem nearly as malicious as you'd expect from someone like him. He's not fighting to kill me from what I can gather. Something tells me this fight would've not turned out well for me if he was.

That's when the backup finally arrives, though. And even though it's just one person, it does make me feel safer.

"Akane!" Ichiban calls out to me, rushing to my side with his Boosted Gear already activated. "Are you okay?! I sensed you fighting something. What's going on?"

"I'll explain everything later," I say, my eyes never leaving Shin's body as he slowly gets back up. "This guy is strong. Be careful."

"Who the hell is he?" He asks me, looking at my cousin. "Doesn't look like a Fallen Angel."

"He's human," I respond simply. "Likely an ally of theirs."

"Got it."

"Nah." Shin suddenly says. "I'm good, thanks."

Ichiban and I pause in confusion. Five whole seconds of pure bafflement passes as we watch him dust himself off, glancing at each other, then looking back at him.

"Fuck you mean, 'nah'?" The two of us question at the same time.

"I got what I came here for." He shrugs casually, looking directly at me. Black eyes, light blue pupils. His heritage is awakened, but why didn't he bother using magic all that much? Because of my resistance to ice? "We don't have to fight anymore. I'm gonna go now, actually."

"Like hell, we'll let you!" Ichi scowls.

"Listen, buddy, your friends really need your help right now," Shin responds with a solid argument. "The dumbass cadre might kill them otherwise. Help them out, alright?"

Ichiban doesn't give any counters to that, content with just glaring at him menacingly.

"Well, it's been fun." He says, taking something out of his pocket and pressing a button, making him suddenly flash blue. "And cousin?"

He grins at me.

"Looking forward to meeting you again."

With that, he suddenly disappears. I couldn't really sense him throughout the fight, but I can tell that he was being truthful when he said he was going to just leave. I don't know what it is that he wanted from me, but I don't like that he got it.

Well, that's one guy on the 'who to devour' list.

"He is gone," Lucifer confirms, making me sigh in relief.

Wait, how can he know that anyway? In fact, how did he know where he was going to attack from now that I think about it? I couldn't sense Shin at all during the fight. He was probably using the concealing tech the Fallen used.

…Something to consider. I need to ask him about it later.

"Woah woah woah, hold the fuck up." Ichiban stops me as I head toward my home. "That guy is your cousin?!"

"Now is not the time, Ichiban," I say seriously, rushing toward my suit. "I'll explain everything later. Get ready, we're going after Kokabiel now."

"Y-yeah, sure, but where are you–" He suddenly freezes, eyes widening in horror at whatever he's seeing.

I pause and frown, following his line of sight to the several corpses of the civilians in destroyed houses. I stop myself from hissing and put on a mask of sorrow, gently holding Ichi's hand and shaking him out of it.

"Bastards ambushed me," I say truthfully, following up with a white lie. "I couldn't really do anything to save them."

Lucifer audibly laughs at my lie, seemingly amused.

"You are far more callous than I thought you were." He notes with a wide and eerie grin. "It's comical."

"...I-I see." Ichiban swallows, glancing at me. "...Are you okay?"

"I am." I smile at his concern. "Let's go, Ichiban. We need to help the others."

He nods and follows me to the garage, the brutal and horrifying scene seemingly not letting him marvel at the armor I made. Alright, I have a few minutes to set this up. Too bad I didn't get any souls to devour, but hopefully, this will be enough.

I'm going to beat the ever-living fuck out of that dickhead for cockblocking me once I see him again, cousin or not.

The battle begins, and Akane's life is pain. Can't have shit in Kuoh.

Wrote this in like, two days. Fight scenes are so easy to write for me.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot and 227 others
Mirlnir
Jun 17, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 31: Warhawk
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 24, 2023
Add bookmark
#576
– Sona –

This wasn't going as badly as she had expected it to, but Sona knew not to get complacent in the middle of a serious battle like this. Sure, they were pushing back with relative ease, but they were still outnumbered ten to one. Every time they killed one, two more came out of nowhere and took their place. They would eventually be worn out if this continued.

Just how many soldiers did Kokabiel convince to take part in this insane cause of his? How did he convince them in the first place? did they truly believe in whatever nonsense he was spouting?

"Momo, Tsubaki. You stay here and defend the Exorcists." She ordered. "Everyone else on the attack. Stick together and cover each other's blind spots."

"Yes, ma'am!"

Whatever their reasons, Sona would not let them harm anyone. She would not let these Fallen Angels restart the great war, not when they were so close to finally achieving peace between the three– no, four factions.

She would stand her ground and defend her territory, even if she had to kill all of them. This, of course, was easier said than done. Yes, these Fallen Angels were quite tough, but not so tough that they were in huge trouble. However, it wasn't them that she was worrying about.

Sensing the immense holy power in the distance made her frown, nervous sweat trailing down her brow. This was the first time she'd sensed Kokabiel, due to the tech concealing his power until now. It was huge, almost comparable to Serafall's. She didn't know if David could handle it, considering how much he was struggling.

This was insane. Sona had no idea how they were going to deal with such a dangerous foe. Where were the Yakuza? She had expected them to be here by now, and no matter how strong Kokabiel was, he should be nowhere near powerful enough to be able to handle Majima and Saejima at the same time. Hell, one of them should be enough.

Something had to be keeping them busy, and Sona had some ideas. They had to be the mysterious allies that had given Kokabiel the technology he used to hide right under their noses. Were they really so dangerous that it would keep two of the most powerful yakuza away from the main battle?

This situation was beginning to look a lot worse than it had on the surface. Sona was confident in herself, in Rias, and in their peerages, but to take on War General Kokabiel? Even with David's help, she didn't know if they could defeat him without suffering heavy casualties.

Up in the air, Sona easily swerved away from a light spear that soared toward her, responding with razor-sharp water saw blades that took the attacker's head off before rushing forward to slice another's throat with a water knife, ignoring the gushing blood that stained her outfit.

Strange. This was the first time Sona had ever killed anyone that wasn't a monstrous and brainless stray devil, and she found it rather… distasteful. But a battle was a battle. She had to defend herself and her allies.

She evaded a backstab, elbowing the enemy in the stomach before twirling and cleaving him in half, her knife easily going through his body and armor with barely any resistance. Her frown deepened as she saw the corpse fall down to the ground. What a waste…

Once again, Sona moved and barely dodged a slash that cut a few strands of her hair. She was relying on her sense of hearing because she couldn't sense them, but this was much more difficult than anyone would think. Sure, Sona was quite a lot stronger and faster than them, so she was having little to no difficulties, but when you're so used to sensing someone's magic, it feels a bit… 'trippy' when you can't use that to your advantage.

She raised her arms up, unleashing a powerful geyser that sent the enemy tumbling through the air. Clenching her fists tightly, she increased the intensity on her spell, the sudden increase in pressure smashing the body of the Fallen Angel and killing him in a near instant.

That's when several more spears and arrows of holy energy flew toward her, an especially powerful Fallen Angel attacking her specifically. Some kind of officer? He seemed to be around her strength, perhaps a tiny bit weaker. But Sona knew not to get overconfident, dodging the spells before responding with her own volley of water magic.

The devil played it safe, keeping her distance as she continued hurling powerful spells in the shape of animals. From ravens to tigers, everything chased the Grigori Officer with the intention to tear his throat out.

But he was no pushover, capable of defending himself quite well, closing the gap in magical strength with skill and experience. Sona still had the advantage, however, slowly but surely overwhelming him with the Sitri's Hydrokinesis.

Eventually, the officer changed his approach, ditching the defensive and ranged battle and instead charging at the devil. Sona narrowed her eyes and prepared accordingly, forming two water knives in her hands as the Officer swung his axe of light at her.

She evaded the attack, not bothering to block it because she knew that even the holy light of Fallen Angels is devastating to her. Sona kept dodging and weaving under his swings, looking for and quickly finding an opportune moment to counterattack, slashing at the Fallen Angel's side before stabbing his stomach.

With his resilience, he resisted and continued his assault, managing to land a scratch on Sona's face and knocking her glasses off. She scrunched up her face at the blistering pain of holy energy in her cheek but did not pay it any mind as she aimed at his neck, slitting his throat with her knife.

The Fallen Angel's holy axe disintegrated as he clutched the gushing wound, coughing and choking in his helmet. Sona, feeling pity for the enemy, slashed at his throat again, successfully decapitating him and ending his misery.

She looked at the falling dead body as sweat trailed down her brow. She didn't know what it was, but for some reason, this Fallen Angel felt like he didn't even want to fight. Sona couldn't quite understand it, but it almost looked like he had given up on life.

Did Kokabiel… Sona looked down at the battlefield, feeling her chest tighten uncomfortably. …Force them into this?

She had no time to ponder, though, as she heard the faint whistle of an arrow cutting through the air, prompting her to fly higher and evade the line of enemy fire. Several Fallen Angels continued throwing spells at her, but before she could use her own magic to beat them back, a wall of ice formed in front of her, easily blocking every holy spell.

Sona couldn't help but smile as she saw Akane behind her with her signature smirk, spreading her massive ice wings. The Tojo Princess snapped her fingers, reforming the wall into dozens of pieces of ice weaponry that shot toward the line of enemies, killing all of them.

All of them dropped to the ground like flies, torn apart by the sharp and powerful spells that put even Ultimate-Class beings to shame. Sona always thought Akane's magic felt weirdly heavy and sharp relative to how little mana she had.

That was kind of brutal. Her practicality is admittedly a very powerful trait, but Sona still found it rather distasteful, thinking a cleaner kill would be more graceful. She also didn't expect her to be wearing some sort of plated armor that only covered her chest, neck, and the right side of her stomach.

"Sorry for being late," Akane said. "Got ambushed."

"And I'm assuming you took care of them."

"Was that not enough of a demonstration?"

"Fair enough."

Akane's smile dropped as she stared at the huge battle in the distance.

"How many are there?"

"Dozens. Probably over a hundred," Sona responded. "But we're killing them fast."

"Kokabiel?"

"David is fighting him, though, I don't think he'd be able to keep it up for long"

"I see." Akane's frown deepened. "Let's go. The sooner we deal with these cannon fodder, the sooner we can support David. If he's taken out before that, we'll be severely overwhelmed and might lose the battle."

Sona nodded and listened, approaching the battle alongside her human friend. Aside from Rias and Akeno being the most competent in taking care of the Fallen Angels due to their higher power, Ichiban was doing an incredible job as well.

He wasn't killing every enemy he saw, but she didn't know how many boosts he activated to be zooming around the battlefield like this, knocking out every Fallen Angel he came across with a few hits. Sona silently commended him for a job well done, but she didn't think such softness and mercy were appropriate right now.

Not when the enemy's main objective was to kill them.

As the two descended on the battlefield, Akane snapped her fingers once again, prompting dozens of sets of animated ice armor to form around them all, making Sona's eyes widen in astonishment. The constructs moved, surrounding the enemy and attacking from all directions. Archers drew their bows and warriors swung their swords, injuring and killing several Fallen Angels.

Since when was she capable of doing that? Controlling so many constructs like this was immensely taxing on the mind. Only masters with decades of experience can do something like this, and yet…

Sona glanced at Akane, who had a neutral expression, in shock. She wasn't showing one bit of exhaustion. Just what the hell was she made of? Their training for Rias' Rating Game couldn't have done this for her. Unless she was always hiding her powers from them? That would explain it, but still…

"Amazing…" Sona muttered. "...Were you holding back? All those times we sparred…"

Akane didn't confirm or deny it verbally, but her chuckle told Sona all she needed to know.

With Akane's animated armor, the tide turned even more in their favor as they gained the numbers advantage. Quality and quantity were on their side now, with the Fallen Angels dying quicker than before.

And when Akane's feet touched the ground, just about every Fallen Angel had died. For some reason, Sona could've sworn that her human friend's powers suddenly spiked for no reason. That train of thought was cut when Akane spoke.

"How's everyone?" She shouted. "All of you still alive?"

"Yes," Rias answered her. "We've suffered no casualties. Some injuries, but nothing serious."

"Good," Akane muttered. "Twilight Healing would be real convenient right about now."

The Yakuza Princess approached the Exorcists, who were staring at her in awe and respect. As they should be. The moment she arrived, all the Fallen Angels were defeated in mere seconds. Sona felt somewhat proud of her, strangely enough.

"Are you two alright?" She asked them.

"Y-yes…" Xenovia nodded after a moment. "Thank you for the help, Ms. Akane."

Sona blinked and raised a brow. Ms. Akane? Just a few days ago, she was calling her a heretic and wanted to beat her up. How strong of an impression did she make to turn this clearly stubborn and prideful girl so respectful?

"Drop the Miss thing." Akane rolled her eyes. "You two did well. Glad you made it out alive, but you've done enough."

"What do you– but Father David–"

"We'll help him." She promised. "But I need you two to fall back. Kokabiel probably wants your Excaliburs, and with the state you're in, you'll only hold us back."

The two novice exorcists flinched at her harsh, but truthful words. Xenovia gritted her teeth and looked away, clenching her fist in frustration and anger. Irina looked down and held her arm, equally upset. However, neither of them tried to argue.

After waiting a moment and receiving no verbal response from either of the girls, Akane looked back at Rias and nodded, who nodded back in understanding. The redhead glanced at her peerage members and spoke.

"Koneko, Kiba, Akeno." She said their names. "Take them and fall back. Protect them from any hostiles."

Kiba was the only one who reacted negatively, glaring at Rias.

"But they–"

"Kiba, I understand how you might be feeling." Rias cut him off, looking at him with a pleading frown. "But please, not now."

He faltered, clearly respecting and liking her too much to refuse her. However, his eyes still burned with hatred and rage, and he spoke with a low tone.

"After this is over…"

"I'll grant you a duel with them, by any means necessary," Rias promised. "Go now."

He relaxed slightly and nodded seriously, moving along with Akeno and Koneko as they helped up the novice exorcists. However, as the white-haired girl was about to carry Irina, a whistle echoed as a light arrow flew directly toward her head.

Everyone close to Koneko moved. Akane cast an ice lance at whoever shot that arrow as Kiba, Akeno, Rias, and even Sona tried to get her out of the way. However, the arrow was mere centimeters away from Koneko's head. None of them were fast enough to–

It was at that moment when an explosion sounded out in the vicinity, and in the next instant, Koneko wasn't where she used to be. Instead, she was in the arms of Ichiban, who had moved faster than any of them could.

This astonished all of them, Sona especially. She knew he was strong, but just how many boosts did he activate to be this quick? He wasn't even near the girl– he was at the other side of the battlefield.

"Are you okay?" He asked her.

Koneko, who had finally realized what happened, blushed profusely and nodded slowly.

"What was that?" Sona questioned, looking at where the attack came from.

"Bastard pretended he was dead." Akane scoffed, kicking the now surely dead body, an ice lance plunged into his throat.

"The cloaking tech," Sona realized. "...that could've been bad. Girls, check the bodies. There might be more of them that are alive."

"Were you hurt, Koneko?" Akane asked, looking back at the Nekoshou as Sona's peerage did as they were ordered.

She was put down by Ichiban before she responded.

"I'm okay." She replied softly.

"Good." Akane sighed in relief. "Take the girls and get to safety. We shouldn't wait here any longer–"

Immediately, most of the people present felt the immense power of Kokabiel heading toward them. Akane clenched her teeth and growled, casting several spells, from defensive armor to floating spears ready to skewer her enemy, to strange, floating ice spheres flying around her.

However, this was no time to marvel at Akane's ingenuity. Sona and Rias also prepared their magics. The Sitri's powerful water magic formed a massive dragon that awaited its master's mark as multiple magic circles opened behind Rias, Power of Destruction wildly sparking.

"Leave!" Akane yelled. "All of you! Sona's and Rias' peerages!"

All of them instinctively obeyed, falling back and taking the exorcists with them as Sona, Rias, Akane, and Ichiban were left, all of them with varying emotions. Fear and anxiety washed over them as David was sent flying past them, hacking and coughing blood as he hit a tree.

The veteran exorcist was heavily damaged, with open wounds and bruises all over him. His outfit was nearly in tatters from how many cuts there were, and he was bleeding from everywhere. However, to their absolute surprise, he still stood up, holding Galatine with trembling hands as he glared at the incoming threat.

Kokabiel casually walked toward them with his own injuries. From cuts to burns to scrapes, all with a wide smile on his face. His battle with David clearly left him damaged, but not as bad as his opponent.

"Oh?" He stopped, looking at them. "You were here all along, eh?"

Kokabiel looked around at the battlefield, seeing his massacred and dead subordinates before his grin widened.

"You lot are quite stronger than I anticipated. Defeating my own squadron like this without a scratch on you…" He said with a chuckle. "Interesting. Very interesting."

"Why are you doing this?" Ichiban was the first to respond, scowling at him. "For what purpose? Did you really send all of them just to die?! What kind of a leader are you?!"

"Wouldn't you like to know, Dragon Boy," Kokabiel replied.

Ichiban gritted his teeth and roared.

"You bastard!"

"Ichi, stop!"

Faster than even High-Class Devils could see, the Red Dragon Emperor charged at Kokabiel with impressive speed, creating a sonic boom that cracked the dirt ground underneath him. Ichiban threw a powerful punch with his gauntleted arm.

Even though Kokabiel caught the attack with his hand, the force of it generated a shockwave so strong, it destroyed a chunk of the forest behind him. Trees simply exploded and the earth ruptured, not being able to handle the pressure of the punch.

It even left the girls shocked. Ichi had a less-than-impressive mana pool, but such physical strength… It must be comparable to the average Ultimate class, possibly even higher than that. And he only first activated the Boosted Gear less than a month ago. This was incredible.

They might actually have a chance here.

"Impressive!" Kokabiel praised. "To think a simple attack from a whelp such as yourself would hurt me!"

Ichiban gasped as he was kneed in the stomach, eyes almost bulging out of his skull before he was sent back to them with a kick. To the amazement of the people watching, Ichiban managed to recover from that, flipping and landing next to Akane with a pained face.

"Idiot. You fucking moron. What the hell were you thinking?" Akane chastised quietly with a scathing tone as she crouched to his level, her gaze still on Kokabiel. "Don't lose control like this or you'll be killed. Keep a cool head you dumbfuck."

"Shut up…" He clicked his tongue.

"Akane's right, Kasuga." Sona said, also glaring at Kokabiel. "Channel the anger you feel effectively and do not charge like this blindly. This is no ordinary enemy, we must work together if we want to defeat him."

Ichiban paused and calmed himself.

"...Sorry."

"Just focus on survival," Akane hissed, keeping the insults to a minimum. "Beating him ourselves isn't our main objective."

"As long as we wait for the yakuza or anyone to arrive, we'll have won," Rias added. "Someone of high authority should be notified by now, even with a blackout like this."

"Got it." He nodded, standing up. "I'll do better, I promise."

"Good. Now listen closely, Ichi. You're the fastest and strongest out of us. Physically at least." Akane noted, whispering that last part. "You'll be on the offensive. Do everything you gotta do to pressure him."

"The rest of us will support you with magic." Sona continued. "How many boosts are you on right now?"

"Ten." He answered. "It's my current limit."

"Should be enough." The Yakuza Princess nodded. "Alright…"

Akane put a hand on Ichiban's shoulder and brought forth her magic, applying a few layers of strong magical ice. From thin ice that covered his entire body to thick blue armor. Sona blinked as she did the same to her and Rias, then all of them nodded to each other. They were ready.

All four stood in front of David, who was panting in exhaustion. Clearly, he wasn't in the position to fight anymore. He's too tired and wounded to do anything substantial. Though, thanks to him, Kokabiel wasn't at his full power anymore.

They could win this if they played their cards right.

"Done strategizing? Heh, so you four will be taking the place of that priest over there." Kokabiel deduced quickly. "From one experienced and mighty warrior to four decently powerful brats… Well then, it is decided."

The Warhawk of the Grigori spread his arms and multiple pairs of wings, smirking widely.

"To make this a bit fair to the two devils here, I will not use a single drop of magic." He promised. "Come, show me the potential of the next generation!"

It was now or never.

The true battle had only just started.


– Ichiban –

Perhaps it was the lack of experience, but Ichiban never truly understood the immense threat of Kokabiel. Sure, he knew it was serious enough that it got even Akane worried, but that didn't really click in his mind at the time.

The only time Ichiban had ever fought someone who was much stronger than him was the devil that kidnapped him when he was younger. Prior to that, and even after it, he had only beat up randoms on the streets or, recently, weaker supernatural entities.

But now, after only receiving a single hit from the Warhawk, he understood just how vastly different this enemy was from anything he's ever faced before. This was so bad, it got his heart pounding in genuine dread… as well as slight excitement.

Because this was a chance to finally test out the strength he'd accumulated during his training. A test to see if he was worthy of joining the Arakawa family even though he was so young. He internally promised his future Patriarch that he would win.

He would defeat Kokabiel and make Arakawa proud.

Ichiban barely dodged a sweeping blow from Kokabiel, backstepping before twirling around and throwing a roundhouse kick. The Warhawk blocked it with a grin as several spells from the girls surrounded him. Spears, orbs, and blades soared toward the Fallen Angel, but he moved quicker than any of them could react and vanished out of sight.

Ichi gasped as the spells were now heading toward him instead, but Akane acted quickly, creating a thick barrier that protected him from the damage. However, she was not quick enough to defend him from Kokabiel's strike as he reappeared behind him, kicking him in the back.

Ichiban bit down a cry of pain, landing on his knees before charging again at the cadre. He started throwing quick punches and kicks toward the older warrior, who either evaded or blocked all of them.

Kokabiel, being much faster than Ichi, slapped his arm away, throwing a jab to his chest. Thankfully, his best friend reacted to this, casting a thick block of ice that defended him from the attack. It came as a bit of a surprise that the ice was actually tough enough to withstand it, but he thanked his lucky stars. That would've been very painful.

Several charges of destruction barely missed the cadre, singeing a few feathers of his wings. However, he only smiled more at that, looking both impressed and excited at the display of teamwork. Kokabiel grabbed Ichi's extended arm, fliping him over and throwing him in the air at Rias.

The redhead gasped, but she reacted just in time to catch him, sent a few meters away from the force. Before they could do anything else, Kokabiel leaped at the two, prompting Rias to throw Ichiban away and bring both of her arms together in an attempt to defend herself as multiple magic circles opened over her head.

Unfortunately, she wasn't quick enough to unleash her Power of Destruction, suffering a heavy blow that sent her careening to the ground. Ichiban growled as the cadre turned to him, looking at his falling body. As the Fallen Angel approached, ice spears rained down on him, managing to hurt him a bit.

Kokabiel turned around and was kicked in the face by Akane flying down at him at hypersonic speed, making him crash through the woods and into the dirt, forming a massive crater down below.

"Check on Rias!" Akane told Sona as she caught Ichiban by the arm, letting him down slowly.

"Understood!"

Sona flew away in Rias' direction as the two humans landed on the ground, watching Kokabiel stand up and roll his neck, not as damaged as any of them hoped for. He looked at them, the grin had never left his face.

"Daughter of the legendary Immortal Dragon." He stated. "Yes, he has told me about you."

Akane paused.

"'He'?"

"An ally of mine, you could say." He answered vaguely. "What extraordinary existence. Most might think you're merely hiding your true power, but that isn't true, is it?"

Akane narrowed her eyes, and so did Ichiban. What was he saying?

"Your magic is far, far more powerful than the two devils there." He nodded in the direction of said devils. "Yet you don't have even half the amount of mana, and you're not sick or cursed to explain it. Such a thing goes against every magical law ever conceived. Fascinating. Why is that?"

Ichiban didn't really fully understand what he was saying, but he got the gist of it. So she had some weird power that makes her more powerful than she really is? Akane didn't say anything, though, merely deepening her glare on him. The three did not move for a moment, and Ichi took this moment of respite to think up a new plan.

This guy was much stronger than any of them, so much so that h was holding back by not using his magic. He was beating them with physical prowess only, so what should he be doing right now? How could they gain the upper hand?

He glanced at Akane, who was focused on Kokabiel with a sharp glare. Ichi's eyes trailed down and saw the trembling in her hand, frowning even more. She was scared? But she'd always been so confident, no matter what. Was it all just a facade she put on?

…No, that couldn't be it. They'd never faced a threatening foe like the cadre in front of them. This was the first fight where it'd be a miracle if all of them survived without serious injuries. There was no telling what could happen next. She had every right to be terrified, and Ichiban would be lying if he said he wasn't scared either.

But they had to be strong.

Ichiban's gaze returned to Kokabiel. Still, if she really did have a magic so strong he would mention it…

"Akane." He muttered, getting her attention. "Let Sona and Rias take the supporting role. I'm the Tank. You're the DPS. Just like before.."

A few seconds passed, but then Akane responded.

"Are you sure?"

"This is our best chance. We can't waste your mana on support when it's better suited for offense." He said. "We can handle it. Just try whatever you can to overwhelm him via firepower."

Or icepower in this case, but he digressed.

Akane thought about it for about two seconds then nodded.

"Well, no matter." Kokabiel shrugged. "As interesting as you are, I'm afraid I can't let any of you go. Prepare yourselves."

As soon as he said that, a massive water dragon surrounded by dozens of destruction orbs emerged from behind him. The Warhawk acted quickly, flying away as Ichiban jumped at him with a battle cry.

Kokabiel blocked his attack, but Ichi grabbed onto his shoulder and delivered a few body shots. The cadre tore Ichiban's arm off himself then was hit directly by a giant hammer of ice that sent him descending at Mach speed.

An ice platform formed under Ichiban, which he used to propel himself at Kokabiel, spearing him and dragging him across the dirt. As the cadre moved to counterattack, Sona reacted by casting a water whip that pulled Ichiban away, and in the next instant, dozens of ice spells rained down on him from above.

The Warhawk struggled to dodge this, especially when tens of frost constructs ambushed him from all directions. Rias joined in the attack, using a considerable amount of her magic to unleash orb after orb, overwhelming the cadre.

But as it was clear to them before, he had merely been holding back as this was when Kokabiel vanished, reappearing in front of Akane and punching her in the face. Before any of them could react, the cadre was already next to Rias, slamming her down in an instant. He dashed faster than they could even move, grabbing Sona by the neck and choking her slowly.

"Sona!" Ichiban yelled in concern.

He cursed his inability to fly like the rest of them, but he had to act, and as he was about to leap, a familiar line of magic managed to stab Kokabiel in the leg, making him narrow his eyes.

"Use that, Kasuga!" Issei shouted, aiming his Absorption Line at Kokabiel. "Go, I'll support you!"

Ichiban listened, inwardly thanking his friend for the assist while also cursing him for getting himself in a dangerous fight. However, he still ran at Kokabiel, who broke the line that pierced him. Ichiban jumped as a line shot right under him and directly at the cadre, sprinting on it until he was close enough for a punch.

Kokabiel grinned and was going to block the punch, but magical water formed around his arm and pulled it away just enough for the attack to land, prompting him to let go of Sona. That's when several more orbs of destruction flew at him from Rias who was on the ground.

"Tsk, pesky Bael Heritage…" Ichiban heard him say as the Warhawk put two arms and his wings in front of him.

Sona once again pulled Ichiban away with a water whip, and he was about to ask her what the hell was she doing. Kokabiel was too busy defending himself from Rias' magic, Ichi had a perfect opportunity to wail on the guy.

That was until he saw the mountain-sized ice spear in the air, held up by a slightly bleeding, but very angry-looking Akane, which shut him up immediately. Everyone moved away as they saw the massive amount of magic in the sky, and Rias kept Kokabiel in his place just enough for the spear to fall on him, the redhead getting out of the way just in time.

For the first time since this fight started, Kokabiel's grin dropped as they saw genuine panic in his eyes. He was hit by the attack directly, crashing to the ground with the spear slowly piercing his chest. The cadre struggled to get it away, finally using his magic to cast a barrier around him just in time for the attack to not do serious damage. However, he was stuck in the ground, trying to push the gigantic spear away.

"What are you morons doing?!" Akane yelled at them. "Show him hell! NOW!"

Broken out of their stupor, Sona, Rias and Issei combined their powers and shot at Kokabiel's back. After the first few water spells, destruction orbs, and absorption lines hit him, the cadre gritted his teeth and extended his barrier further, protecting him from their attacks.

Akane landed next to them and did the same, casting dozens of ice spells ranging from bullets to axes and throwing them at him. The barrier around him was incredibly tough, though, withstanding everything. But their efforts were not futile as cracks began to show.

Only for a second layer to form around the first one.

"He doesn't have infinite mana!" Akane persisted. "Keep at it!"

"You damned brats…!" Kokabiel cursed.

He cast three more protective layers as he began pushing the spell away. All of them knew, probably even Kokabiel, that the giant spear was beyond him in strength, and no matter what, he couldn't push it off completely.

But they also knew that he only needed a few centimeters to give himself enough of an opening to move away, so they did everything they could, destroying his barriers as quickly as they could to reach his body and break his balance.

If they did that, then they could possibly win this.

Kokabiel made some progress, though, moving the spear off him at snail speed, and just as things looked grim for them, a powerful beam of holy light cut through every single barrier in an instant, hitting Kokabiel's back and making him slip.

The spear hit him, crushing the Fallen Angel and creating a crater so big, it caused a mini earthquake that split the ground. Ichiban shielded his eyes from the debris and ice flakes, and once everything calmed down, he looked around to see who it was that helped them.

David stood there, still gravely injured and panting from exhaustion, his hands quivering as he held Galatine tightly. He fell to his knees moments later, his holy blade hitting the ground next to him as he breathed heavily, prompting Ichiban to rush to his side.

"Are you okay?!"

David slowly nodded, still gasping for air.

"Don't worry about me." He rasped as he grabbed Galatine, using it as a crutch to support himself. "I've been through worse."

"Oi, what are you doing? Sit down." Ichiban said. "You're gonna bleed out faster like this."

"No, we're not done yet," David responded. "I don't believe it. It can't be this easy."

Well, Ichiban didn't think it had been easy. There had been way too many close calls. Still, he looked around at where the girls were staring, all of them as tense as the beginning of the fight. Akane clenched her fist and growled.

"He's hiding his energy." She concluded. "There's no way that took him out. He must've dodged."

"Are you sure, or are you just being paranoid?" Rias glanced at her.

"I'd wager being paranoid might be smarter in this situation. We are against a cadre after all." Sona quipped. "Get ready for anything that could happen."

As soon as those two words left her mouth, a giant dome of holy energy burst forth from the ravine Akane created, making them all flinch in terror. Just how much had he been holding back? Not using magic aside, he must've been toying around with them.

From the blinding light, the Warhawk walked out, his usual grin nowhere to be seen as he glared at Akane. His best friend scowled in response, unconsciously taking a step back. Ichi stayed by David's side, who took his stance with the powerful holy blade in both hands.

"That was quite foul. If that spell hit me directly, I would've died in an instant." Kokabiel said, wiping some blood off his nose. "I knew you were powerful, too strong for your age, but I didn't expect that. You forced me to use my magic."

"There's more from where that came," Akane growled. "Next one might even be shoved in a very unpleasant place."

"How endearing." He snorted, tone laced with sarcasm. "But since I've broken my promise…"

Kokabiel moved and Akane was sent flying across the battlefield by a blow none of them even saw. Ichiban flinched as he realized that without the armor, that would've turned her into a red paste.

Ichi and David both charged quickly, but Kokabiel acted quicker, creating a ring of light around Ichiban's neck that attached itself to the ground. However, David suffered a worse fate as a sword of light pierced his chest, making him drop Galatine and vomit out blood.

"I have no incentive to stick by it anymore."

Rias, Sona, and Issei attacked the cadre with their powers, but he created a shield of light that easily blocked every single attack. Not even Rias' orbs of destruction did anything– the difference in power was that vast for it to be far less effective.

However, David, in a last-ditch effort that not even Kokabiel anticipated, lunged at the cadre, grabbing his arm and forcing the blade of light deeper into him and taking a concealed dagger that was strapped on the back of his hip before using it to stab the cadre in the eye, actually landing the blow and hopefully blinding his right eye for at least the rest of the battle.

Kokabiel roared in agony, pushing David off him and slicing his arm off. The veteran exorcist fell down on his back and finally lost consciousness. It was a miracle that he didn't die instantly, but the bleeding would take him out quickly if they didn't act soon.

"No!" Ichiban screamed, trying to get the ring off his neck. Before he could, however, two more rings formed his arms, dragging them away from his neck.

"I'll deal with you later, Dragon Boy," Kokabiel growled, hand on his bleeding eye. "Be thankful I was told to keep you alive."

Ichiban didn't even comprehend what he said as he struggled to get away.

The two devils, tired of their magic not doing anything, charged at him, with Sona creating two daggers of water as Rias coated her fists with destruction magic. Ichiban screamed at them to stay away, knowing they didn't stand a chance on their own like this, but he was too late.

Kokabiel grabbed Rias' arm, and in one swift movement, bent it in a very grotesque way, breaking it. The redhead couldn't even cry out before she was knocked out by a powerful blow to the stomach, coughing and eyes rolling to the back of her skull.

As for Sona, she was greeted by a light spear to the thigh, dispelling her knives and instantly breaking her concentration as a piercing scream escaped her. She was held by the neck, cutting off her agonized cry as she was choked.

Ichiban struggled to get the rings off him, kicking and growling as his heart pounded in his chest. He needed to do something– he had to do something! He couldn't let his friends die like this.

Ddraig, please!

His partner did not answer, but Ichiban almost felt his pity, and that drove him mad. As his eyes flashed green, he felt his power rising, only for that to stop once Akane returned to the fray, landing a kick on Kokabiel's head.

This was just enough to make him drop Sona, but he reacted just as quickly and swung a spear of light that, to his and everyone else's surprise, Akane dodged with highspeed movement, spinning around and kicking him in the face again.

It pushed Kokabiel away a few meters, making him wipe the blood off his mouth. Akane dropped to the ground, scowling at him with rage as she got Sona out of the way by kicking her lightly.

"Issei!" She shouted. "Stop standing there like a loser and get everyone to safety! We don't want the priest dying on us!"

Issei, who was justifiably terrified out of his mind, flinched but obeyed her orders. He first approached Rias, carrying her in his arms before approaching Ichiban, who shook his head.

"Go, I'll be fine," Ichiban said. "You can't break this even if you tried. Use that time to get them out of here."

Issei hesitated, but nodded, creating a bed of lines for David and letting Sona on his back. Kokabiel, out of mercy or arrogance, didn't even stop him, content with looking at Akane with a serious look.

"Hmph, he might've been onto something here," Kokabiel said as he seized her up. "So young, yet so powerful. So… different. Perhaps you really are the key to our survival."

"What the hell are you saying?"

"...Did you know that I've been told to capture you?" He revealed. "As well as that boy over there."

"Doing a real good job at it." Akane scoffed. "You know just how many times you almost killed us?"

"Oh please, you've taken everything I dished out quite well. Don't be such a whiny brat."

"So what, you're not trying to start a war?" She questioned, ignoring the insult. "You'd think killing us would be the fastest way to do it."

"No, that was most certainly my intention, to start one last war, that is," Kokabiel answered. "But that would make my partner rather… displeased, and I always keep my word, you see."

Akane paused for a moment, processing his words. Ichiban did so as well, listening intently.

"One last war?"

"You wouldn't know, just as I doubt anyone else would." Kokabiel shrugged. "But we're living on a timer."

"What are you even talking about?" Akane growled. "Either cut the cryptic bullshit and spit it out or shut the fuck up."

"A feisty one, aren't you? Well, regardless, you've proven your strength today. I'm quite impressed." He snorted. "Unfortunately, after that little trick you pulled, I'm afraid I've gotten a little annoyed."

Akane stood her ground, barely blocking a sword swing with an ice shield with impressive reaction time. However, she didn't evade the kick to her stomach, which was thankfully tanked by her admittedly crude-looking but still awesome incomplete mech armor.

She was… not planning to fight him alone, was she? Ichi struggled to get those rings off him once more. She couldn't take him own on her own. He had to help her.

His best friend was sent rolling backward from the force, but she jumped and flew away, only for two holy lances to pierce her wings, forcing her back to the ground. Kokabiel rushed forward and slammed her head to the dirt. Akane's eyes widened in pain, but she smashed his chest with her feet, as several chains of ice held Kokabiel back, forcibly spreading his arms and legs out to keep him from moving.

Akane snapped her fingers and dozens upon dozens of spells formed around her. But the cadre merely scoffed, creating multiple shields that protected him well enough. While he was busy with that, the Yakuza Heiress rushed forward and circled around him, swinging two ice blades at his neck.

Unfortunately, Kokabiel was still faster, breaking the chains before twirling around and kicking her in the stomach once again. This attack actually broke the armor this time around, but it was just enough to take the brunt of the damage, protecting Akane from the blow.

His best friend was sprawling all over the grass, falling on her rear as Kokabiel slowly approached her. Ichiban growled, trying to get these stupid things off him, feeling his power slowly grow.

"You've fought well until now." The cadre praised. "But I'm afraid this is the end of the line."

Akane responded to that by drawing out a revolver and pulling the trigger just as fast. The loudness of the bang nearly ruptured their eardrums, but to their dismay, Kokabiel was just quick enough to evade the bullet, leaving only a scratch.

A scratch that seemingly burned him as his eyes widened, and in a very quiet tone that Ichiban barely picked up on, he spoke.

"Uriel…?"

Akane was going to shoot again, though she wasn't as fast this time as the cadre kicked the gun away from her hand.

"I do not know where you got that weapon from–" Kokabiel rubbed the scratch and glared. "But I do hope you're out of surprises now. It's getting rather frustrating."

Akane tried to crawl away as her angry facade fell apart, replaced by a look of pure terror once Kokabiel grabbed her by her collar. She kicked and struggled with none of the strength she used to have, the fear seemingly having drained her power to nothing. And when Ichiban saw that…

Something inside him clicked.

He could feel the primal fury and fiery aura surrounding him, his powers rising rapidly. He would not– could not let this happen. No matter what he had to do, he had to move, and defeat this warmonger before he let any harm befall his best friend.

But… what could he do, really? What could he do to someone who is leagues above him in practically everything? Speed, skill, strength, experience– he had no advantage and all the odds were stacked against him.

He was at his max boost and his stamina was waning. Even achieving his Balance Breaker wouldn't make much difference…

Isn't it simple, partner? Ddraig suddenly said with an amused tone. All you need is power.

Yes, the answer was as simple as they came.

He only needed more power. More than what his Balance Breaker could give him. More, so he could face a tremendously powerful foe. More, so he could triumph over the enemy, defend his loved ones, and prove himself to those who mattered to him.

He had to go beyond his limits and the limits of every Red Dragon Emperor before him.

With his mind set and his emotions bursting forth, the Boosted Gear listened to his desire and gave him exactly what he wanted.

A mix of green and red power exploded once Ichiban let out a powerful roar that shook the ground, instantly disintegrating the rings keeping him in place and making Kokabiel flinch, dropping Akane.

He looked around at Ichiban. Kokabiel was in awe, and right before he was attacked by the revitalized Red Dragon Emperor, a quiet mutter escaped him.

"Impossible…"

Ichiban moved faster than even Kokabiel could react, punching him so hard that it sent him above the clouds, splitting said clouds apart like it was nothing to him. Even Akane was amazed by the power on display.

Ichi blinked at the lack of a gauntlet around his fist, looking down at himself to see that he wasn't in any kind of armor. He was confused for a few moments. Wasn't this supposed to be his Balance Breaker? That's when he heard the fluttering of cloth, prompting him to turn his head around and see a…

Red cape.

"Eh?" He uttered.

Hahaha! Ddraig howled in delight and excitement. I can't believe it! You're the first person in history to ever achieve a subspecies of the Boosted Gear! Incredible job, Ichiban Kasuga!

"What?" His eyes went as wide as saucers. "I thought I'd get some kickass armor! What the fuck is this cape?!"

Ddraig continued laughing, however, which made him even more annoyed.

"Explain this you stupid lizard! What the hell is a subspecies?!"

"Holy shit…" Akane muttered in shock, getting back up on her feet. "I never thought you'd actually pull off something like this."

"Huh?" Ichiban looked at her. "What is that even supposed to mean? Is this a good thing?"

Before she could answer, they sensed Kokabiel's approaching presence, making Ichiban frown seriously.

"We'll talk about this later," Ichiban said, suddenly floating. "I'll take care of him."

Wait, hold on, I can fly now?! He realized, instinctively knowing how to do it. Holy fucking shit, that's awesome!

Be quick about this, partner. The Red Dragon of Domination said. Your body can't handle this power for long.

Ichi narrowed his eyes and took Ddraig's advice, flying toward Kokabiel as fast as he could.

He was going to end this fight here and now.


– Akane –

Watching Ichi take off to the skies to continue the fight against Kokabiel on his own for now, I lean on a tree behind me and slowly fall down, closing my eyes and letting out a huge sigh of relief. Holy fuck, that was way too close for comfort.

I take a moment for myself before opening my eyes, scowling as I notice the trembling in my hands still persisting, then groan in frustration once my gaze trails to the broken armor on the ground next to me. Fucking hell, a few hits is all it took before it got destroyed. None of them were magic either.

But this wasn't really the fault of the little reactor the yakuza gave me. No, that thing still had a considerable amount of power. The case I made for it just wasn't good enough, and that is to be expected. The armor wasn't even finished in the first place.

And the gun did fuck all, too. Goddamn it. I can't believe it failed me like that.

No, calm yourself. You're alive, and that's what matters at the end of the day. Ichi even got a motherfucking subspecies of the Boosted Gear out of it too with none of the dumb bulky armor and instead a silly-looking cape. We should be fine now, hopefully.

…The number of times that one-thousand-DEX perk helped me made me so fucking glad I invested in it. It didn't work every time, but the times it did, it saved my life. The bastard is stronger than I expected-- as strong as Grayfia even.

Name: Kokabiel

Title: The Warhawk

HP - 168,104/700,000

MP - 212,344/820,000

SP - 102,031/370,000

Race - Fallen Angel

LVL - 883

STR - 6911

END - 6850

DEX - 5511

INT - 2850

WIS - 2911

CHA - 2600

LUK - 100

Thoughts about you – Respects your strength, but is suspicious of you. Thinks you're aware and hiding whatever's making you stronger than you are.

Reputation - -1

Affection - 0

Obedience - -100

Loyalty - -100

I look at the sky where the battle is taking place, seeing both in a relatively equal bout. Ichi seems to be still somewhat struggling, but he's doing far better than any of us. He's actually landing good hits, too.

"Ah, so that's what it was." Lucifer snaps his fingers. "The Red Dragon Emperor. My, how could it have eluded me for so long? Hmm, I suppose I'm simply not used to Ddraig being in a Sacred Gear."

My eyes widen in worry as he's stabbed in the side by a light spear, but before I rush in to help them, the Boosted Gear announces something… new.

"[ENDURE!]"

Right before my eyes, the spear instantly disintegrates, and Ichiban continues fighting like nothing happened. My jaw almost drops at what I'm seeing, both proud of and annoyed at Ichiban's growth. Fucking hell, he's already surpassed me. I need to get to devouring something soon. I can't let him stay ahead of me for too long.

My eyes narrow as I watch the fight for a little while. You know what, I'll admit one thing. As stupid as the cape looks, it kinda looks pretty cool on him. It suits him weirdly enough, that fucking hero wannabe.

Bastard. Sacred Gears are fucking cheating.

Ironic.

Shut up.

Now I'd go help him out a bit, but there's been one thing going through my head throughout nearly the whole fight. I give Ichi one last glance before taking my gun back and rushing toward the other direction, where the battle against Kokabiel's minions took place. I keep my focus on sensing, though, in case anyone's there waiting for me.

I need to be alone if I want to do this.

"Running away, are you? Quite selfish, don't you think?" Lucifer raises a brow, floating beside me. "Aren't you going to help your friend?"

"Be quiet." I hiss.

Lucifer chuckles but doesn't say anything after that. As I arrive, I look around the place, only seeing dead bodies around the battlefield, drenching the grass and dirt in blood. We weren't exactly… clean with the kills.

Decapitation, amputated limbs, bisected bodies– all types of bloody horror. Unsurprisingly, it doesn't really bother me, and not because I'm a sociopath or whatever the fuck. I've seen a lot of gore on the internet when I was younger – not out of my own volition – so I'm pretty desensitized.

…Well, okay, it is different when it's in person. Way worse than on screen, but no worse than that half-eaten face back in my hometown when I was looking for the Stray Devil.

But I digress.

I look for the most 'intact' bodies around and store them in my inventory, making Lucifer tilt his head at me in interest. He doesn't say anything yet, though. I need these– not the bodies themselves, but the tech they have. I don't have time to search for whatever it is that hid their energy, so I'll just take the entire body with me for now.

This concealing tech. I need it. I need to learn how it works so I can replicate it– no, improve on it even, so I can finally go on actual leveling sprees. I'm very close to level 150, which would unlock the new dungeon, but I don't think this quest defeating Kokabiel would be enough to get me there. Killing him myself? Probably. But I'm not counting on it. Besides, I doubt I'd be able to devour his soul.

I also need them to advance my own tech. To make better armor, better weapons, and gadgets. I can't let this opportunity go to waste. This, alongside the gravity belt, once I dismantle it, I'd have everything I need to fully counter the Tojo Clan tech.

Going out of town to level up would become a breeze. I won't have to worry about getting caught anymore. And after getting cockblocked earlier, I REALLY want to taste some souls right now. I am not getting cucked out of my meal damn it.

"And what–" Lucifer starts again. "–Do you plan on doing with those?"

"You'll see soon enough," I reply vaguely, getting the last body. Too much and it might get a bit suspicious once the yakuza clean this up. "Now to put me in danger again…"

I look back at the skies, seeing the clouds spread apart by the clash of the two overhead. I recast my wings, but my legs refuse to move. My quivering intensifies at the thought of fighting him again, as the idea of running away becomes more and more tempting.

…Do I really have to fight him? I can just… get someone here to help? That would be the more intelligent and safer option. But the yakuza are nowhere to be seen. They're probably being held back by even stronger foes or something. What am I supposed to do? I have to help Ichiban. Maybe we can beat Kokabiel now that he has a subspecies Balance Breaker.

But at the same time, I don't want to die, and I don't want to be put in that situation again. Helpless, afraid, and weak to do anything.

It's… humiliating.

"Hmm…" Lucifer glances at me. "...You're afraid."

I clench my hands and glare at him, trying to muster any kind of bravado.

"Piss off, I'm not scared," I say, not really believing myself either.

"Now now, there's no reason to be ashamed, Akane." He says. "Fear is an emotion natural to all living things. Even I feel fear, you know."

I stay quiet and look away in shame and anger. What the fuck is he trying to comfort me for?

"If you lacked fear, I'd say you're not very well in the head." He continues. "After all, bravery comes from moving forward regardless of how afraid you are. Being fearless makes you an idiot, not brave."

"...What are you trying to say?"

"It's simple." He puts his hands on my shoulder even though I can't feel them. "I'm telling you to willingly put that fear into your head… and move on to fight with it. That's how you conquer it."

He tilts his head closer to me.

"Besides, you're not out of options," Lucifer smirks. "You still have Excelsis, after all."

…That's true, I still have that unfairly overpowered artifact, and if I pull it out right now, then Kokabiel would be turned to paste seconds later. However, that would end with me probably being wanted across dimensions, so if I'm going to use it, I need to get Ichi away from him first.

It's a last resort. Once Ichi runs out of steam, I'll lure Kokabiel some distance away from him and use Excelsis. That way I can kill him, put it back in my inventory, and no one would realize what the hell happened.

Yes. I can do this. I have to be smart. Hell, I might not even need to use it if I play my cards right. Ichiban is beginning to pressure him– he's growing in strength as he fights. My magic combined with his Balance Breaker will give us the win.

With newfound confidence and a backup plan, I force my legs to move, jumping and flapping my wings toward them. I still keep a distance, though, that isn't really difficult with how fucking fast they're moving. My god.

They clash fists near me, prompting a shockwave to erupt and push the clouds further. In that instant, I notice two things. One: Kokabiel is very clearly struggling more than when all of us fought against him. With one blind eye and injuries all over his body, it's clear that he's not at 100%.

But it's not very clear-cut for Ichiban either. Sure, he has the upper hand right now, but with how he's trembling and gasping for air, it's easy to tell that he's close to hitting his limit. Perhaps a minute or two is all he can go on for before collapsing.

So that means we need to finish this quick.

I keep a slight distance and charge several spells with additional mana as I watch them trading blows. Ichi is faster and stronger, but Kokabiel is vastly more experienced and skilled. Even though some hits landed on him, he's able to deal more damage to Ichiban, parrying and blocking a lot of his strikes.

I wait patiently, charging more and more magic as my eyes narrow. They haven't noticed yet, too immersed in the battle to see or even sense me preparing my spells. Ichiban tilts his head, dodging a jab, and responds with a body shot to the cadre's side, making him grunt in pain.

Kokabiel grabs Ichiban's arm and forces him closer, landing a very painful-looking headbutt that made him flinch, head thrown back and eyes losing their color for a split-second. Ichiban being Ichiban answers with his own headbutt, dealing considerable damage.

The cadre holds Ichiban's arm with both hands and begins to spin him around, throwing him far away at massive speed. This, however, gives me a wonderful chance as the idiot has his back on me, still noticing as he laughs.

"Incredible! I've never thought I'd live to see this day!" He screams to the skies. "To think I'd be fighting the first-ever wielder of a Boosted Gear subspecies! I'm honored–"

That's when I decide to release the overcharged spears, but unfortunately, that's when Kokabiel notices, barely evading those spears. Fortunately, at least one of them actually does land, stabbing his shoulder. He bites down a scream and waves his hand at me, unleashing several light spells my way.

I cast a thick wall of ice in front of me and narrowly dodge whatever makes it beyond, suffering a few scratches and shallow cuts that takes way more HP than they should. For fuck's sake, Game. This Gamer's Body bullshit is almost worse than a normal body.

My heart threatens to leap out of my chest as despair takes its grasp over me, the fear from before returning once Kokabiel breaks through the ice wall. I try to cast another one, but he was too close to me. I can't do anything.

My body moves on its own, my survival instincts kicking in as I quickly cast lances, hammers– and anything I can think of from directly under him, all flying upward. Those spells hit, but he just fucking ignores them as he grabs me by the neck.

With his other hand, Kokabiel makes a light sword.

"He said he wanted you alive." He growls in anger, raising his sword arm up. "But not unharmed."

Fear overwhelms me the second he swings, aiming to cut my arm off, but to my absolute relief, Ichiban saves me just in time, kicking Kokabiel in the head and sending him plummeting to the ground, crashing through a mountain on the way.

"Are you okay?!" Ichi looks at me in concern.

"Y-yeah, I'm good. A second too late and I'd be down an arm." I respond, feeling a lot calmer in his presence as I look at where Kokabiel was sent. "Thanks."

"Oh thank god." He sighs deeply, falling on my chest.

I catch him, noticing how extremely tired he is. I can hear and even feel his labored breathing. He is on the verge of losing consciousness, and I'm both surprised and impressed that he's managed to make it this far.

Ichi shakes it off and gets off me, looking like he's going to pass out any second.

"Can you still fight?" I ask him, getting worried.

"...I don't think so." He answers quietly, his breathing getting heavier with every passing second. "Don't think I can hold up for long. One more hit and I'm done for."

"Shit…"

Ichiban then pauses, seemingly deep in thought, then he looks at me after getting an idea, hazy eyes signifying just how much he's pushing himself. I think. His attention looked somewhere else for a second there, so I'm not sure.

"I know you're worried about him." He says while taking my hand, which makes me realize just how bad he's having it once I feel his erratic shaking. "But I need you to do something for me."

"What?" I frown in confusion.

"You gotta take him on your own."

"Are you crazy?!" I scowl at him. "He's going to tear me a new one. You're the only one who can actually fight him right now."

Ichiban chuckles at that.

"This is the first time I've ever seen you look so hesitant." He responds. "But I'm giving you everything I have before I'm out because I believe in you."

Then his grip on my hand tightens and I feel overflowing power coursing through me, my stats skyrocketing to unbelievable numbers. The loud shout of the Boosted Gear echoes throughout the entire region as the cape on Ichiban's shoulders disintegrates and reappears on mine.

"[Transfer!]"

"You got this."

That's the last thing I hear before Ichiban finally loses consciousness.


– Kokabiel –

Contrary to what many believe, Kokabiel did have a lot of self-restraint. No, he didn't think of war 24/7, he never wanted to start a war in the first place. Because even though he did love war– even though he thought of the battlefield as his home… His loyalty still lay with Azazel, and by extension, the Grigori.

He respected the man, far more than any other person, Fallen Angel or otherwise, and was always willing to work for that peaceful world his leader always dreamed of. Sure, he didn't exactly agree with it per se, but Kokabiel wasn't an idiot.

Yes, he had his urges to start something, and yes he hated peace, but peace was his kind's best path for survival, and if he wasn't loyal to Azazel, then he was damn well loyal to the Fallen Angels and would do anything to make them survive for as long as he was alive.

He could work with other races for that future, even if he hated it. He could rein in his feelings about the many issues he had with Azazel's decisions in the past few centuries… but he couldn't stop the feeling of despair when he learned of the truth.

Two years ago, on December 31st, he was visited by a very peculiar individual who managed to easily sneak into the Grigori HQ, slipping by every guard and detection ward, just to see the cadre in his office.

Kokabiel, amused, impressed, and yet slightly worried, indulged the stranger. After all, he was going to kill him soon anyway, so might as well let him say what he came there for, no? What was the worst that could happen anyway?

And so, this stranger, introducing himself as "Warrior", revealed something horrifying. Gods of unbelievable might would be coming here very soon– soulless, mechanical lifeforms far beyond anything they could comprehend, living past the dimensional gap would be coming to their world and destroy all life in it.

He proceeded to offer Kokabiel a job where he could get everything he wanted at the cost of abandoning his current position and obeying Warrior's orders.

At first, Kokabiel laughed at that absurd notion. Unknown entities from beyond the void? Soulless machines, disconnected from the lifestream? Preposterous. He didn't know what this Warrior person wanted to get out of this lie, but at the very least, he could've put some effort into this insane story of his.

So Kokabiel extended an arm and prepared a blast that would wipe out the man in an instant before the stranger did something, and the cadre was forced to see it.

He saw it. The thing he was talking about. The Mechanical Abominations.

And they saw him back.

He knew deep in his soul that this was no trick or illusion. Nothing, nothing could ever produce that much dread and fear in the Warhawk's heart. Those things instantly broke his spirits. There was no possible way they could defend against them. They would need centuries– no, thousands of years of preparation just to stand a chance. They were completely and utterly hopeless.

The only person who could've possibly even stopped them was Yahweh.

Their only hope was dead.

So if they were all doomed to die or even worse against those things… then would it matter if he indulged his desires one last time? Could he start one last war where his hide had an actual winning chance? It was either proving their superiority, defeating their arch-enemies once and for all or being slaughtered like livestock.

And Kokabiel knew what he wanted, and took the hands of the Warrior.

Returning to where the two brats were, the cadre stopped dead in his tracks at what he saw. The Red Dragon Emperor was out cold, held up by the Yakuza Heiress whose power was unbelievable compared to seconds ago.

It was then that he noticed her white hair and the cape strapped on her shoulders as she cast a platform that carried the boy down safely. So he transferred his powers to her at the last second? He seemed to have gotten tired rather quickly when he activated the Balance Breaker. It's quite impressive to see the girl easily containing the power with no issue.

Her yokai heritage seemed to be showing more as well.

The girl… Kokabiel narrowed his eyes. Along with the transferred power, her power far exceeds that of the boy's.

"How nice of you." She snorted, looking at the boy before smirking confidently at Kokabiel, her earlier distress nowhere to be seen. "I should be nice to him the next week or two, don't you think?"

"Arrogance is unbefitting of you, girl." The cadre said. "Do you perhaps need a reminder of who I am?"

"Calling me arrogant in your current state? Injured, half-blind, and exhausted?" She chuckled and rolled her eyes. "Please~"

His brain hadn't caught up with what happened until he felt immense pain in his face. Kokabiel gasped as he caught himself mid-air, in disbelief at the girl's insane speed. What the hell was that? He couldn't even see her!

He wasn't even given a chance to recover before she appeared in front of him, kicking him down before rushing forward, delivering blow after blow. Each hit felt like the weight of the world crashing down on him, hurting him far more than anything he'd ever felt in this battle prior.

Kokabiel had to act. This girl's power enhanced with the Boosted Gear was a threat. A very big threat, but a temporary one. The power-up isn't permanent. He could still win this.

Sent to the ground, Kokabiel flipped and dragged his feet across the dirt, using his remaining mana to stay on the defensive, unleashing holy energy all around in an omnidirectional blast. Even still, the girl just pierced through the blast and punched him so hard he blacked out for a moment.

But he's had worse, and continued the fight regardless, forming pikes and blades to stab and slash at the girl. In response, she stomped on the ground, and a massive ice spike protruded from the ground, nearly stabbing him in the chest had he not moved away at the last second.

Kokabiel flew away, cold sweat running down his cheek as he saw the spike grow to be larger than the mountain range in mere seconds. This power…

It was like that of a god.

Akane sped toward him and landed a devastating gut punch that knocked the wind out of him before backhanding him into the giant ice spike she made moments before, making him crash into and through the hard and thick ice.

He tried to regain his balance, but then two blades caught up to him, and in one swift movement, sliced his multiple pairs of wings. A piercing, pained and enraged scream escaped the cadre, the loss of his wings being one of the worst and most dishonorable things that could happen to a Fallen Angel.

Kokabiel acted quickly, mimicking the girl and forming wings out of his holy magic that took the place of the black-feathered ones. He panted in pain and anger, glowering at the girl's infuriating smirk.

"Oh, I'm sorry." Arms crossed, she taunted with a giggle, her white hair and red cape fluttering in the wind. "Were those important?"

The cadre roared, rushing mindlessly at her with dozens– no, hundreds of light spells, aiming to barrage and skewer her until she stopped moving. He did not care about his part of the deal anymore. He would kill her for what she did.

Akane's smirk widened as she extended an arm, snapping her finger and creating a burst of frost that froze damn near everything in front of her, including all of Kokabiel's spells, Kokabiel himself, and the entire mountain in the distance.

The cadre was still conscious even while frozen, trying his hardest to break free from the unreasonably tough ice. Akane floated down alongside him, keeping eye contact as he fell. She casually rolled her arm before throwing a jab, breaking the ice prison and sending him across the region, going through mountains, trees, valleys– and everything else.

Once he hit the ground, he gasped, head spinning and sight darkening. He was reaching his limit at a rapid pace– the girl wasn't playing around even with how cocky she was acting. He did not know why she didn't just go straight for the kill, but Kokabiel was lucky he was this resilient.

He needed to do something. Fast.

Akane landed in front of him, her smirk having never left her face, and waited for him to do something. Kokabiel obliged, using every ounce of his strength to continue attacking, throwing punches and kicks at amazing speed.

Unfortunately, she dodged every single thing she threw at him, lightly kicking him in the knee to break his balance before delivering a nasty uppercut to his chin, making him flip in the air a few times, landing on his back.

But this wasn't enough to put him down as he rushed forward again, making two blades slash and swing at her. To his surprise and shock, she actually somewhat slowed down. Not yet struggling to dodge, but she lost a considerable amount of power.

That's it, just a bit more and–

Seemingly noticing herself, Akane kicked him in the chest and knocked him on his back again, trapping his limbs in ice. Kokabiel tried to move, but the cuffs around his arms and legs didn't budge.

With a perfect opportunity to end it all, the girl… didn't kill him. No. Instead, her right arm suddenly darkened, turning pitch-black before she plunged it into his heart. No blood or gore spurted out, but Kokabiel felt something far more horrifying.

Something was pulling at his soul. It had taken him a second to comprehend, but after realizing what the hell she was doing, Kokabiel reacted quickly, letting his instincts guide him as two arms formed out of holy energy emerged from his shoulders, pulling the girl's hand back in.

The two struggled– Akane tried to take his soul out of his body, for what purpose Kokabiel did not know. However, he was not going to let her get away with this. He would NOT let his soul be stolen so easily!

The girl– no, thing grunted, slowly overpowering him even with the fading power of the Balance Breaker, but Kokabiel refused, creating more light arms that pulled her arm back in and weapons to attack her while she was stationary. The resilience she gained from the boy's Sacred Gear made her able to easily resist his magic, however.

He didn't know what kind of entity he was facing after seeing this. There was no possible way that this thing was a human– to try to steal his very essence like this was monstrous. Taking the essence of anything was an unforgivable act. The only being who was ever capable of doing such a thing was the Devil King Lucifer.

What in God's name was he looking at?

The thing in human skin let out a mighty roar, white hair fading back to its original color, her draconic aura fading quickly as she began to lose her strength, casting shields all around her to stop his spells from damaging her. Kokabiel started to overpower her, forcing his soul back to where it belonged as soon as the cape disintegrated.

Her eyes widened in fear, frustration, and incredible anger, but before she could do anything, Kokabiel moved one millisecond faster, throwing a light spear that pierced her heart and sent her flying to the other side through the thickets of the woods they were in.

Kokabiel took a long, deep breath, clutching his chest in agony at having his soul almost ripped out of him. He had to take a moment to rest, even for a minute. That… was the most unpleasant and painful thing he's ever had the displeasure of going through.

He gritted his teeth as his scowl of fury returned, looking at where he threw the beast. That bitch was going to pay a thousandfold for this.

That he swore.


– Akane –

[Desperate Persistence] Activated!

It takes me a moment to actually understand what's happening, and the sharp, agonizing heat in my chest wakes me up to the severity of the situation quite fast. I look down and see the holy spear in my chest, trying but failing to pull it out as it pinned me to a tree.

I panic, throwing up blood as tears well up in my eyes. Hopelessness begins to set in as I cannot come up with a single plan to save myself. Even still, my survival instincts kick in, prompting me to act by breaking the spear with an ice blade.

I fall to the ground, coughing and throwing up more of my blood. Not being able to hear the pounding of my own heart makes me let out a pathetic, pained, and fearful whimper, but I try to survive anyway. Not like this.

I don't want to die.

I don't want to die like this.

I force myself back up, not knowing how many seconds passed already as I look for a solution. I ignore the studious gaze of Lucifer, phasing through him with quivering legs. I don't want to die.

"Hmm…" I hear a hum. "It's a miracle you even survived that, but what will you do now?"

I'm scared.

So scared.

Desperate to do anything, I quicken my pace, walking with no clear goal. I need to heal up. Before the timer runs out. What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?

"Still, that was quite the bold move." The voice continues to talk. "Trying to steal the cadre's soul, hm? Had you succeeded in that… Who knows what would've happened."

Only one word resonates with me, echoing out in my head and giving me an idea.

Soul.

I need a soul. Something's soul. Anything living…

For a split second, my eyes land on one of the hundreds or thousands of trees. I rush toward it, using every bit of my strength to force my darkened arm into it and pull once I feel something.

A tiny white flame flickers in my hand, and I crush it without hesitation.

Perk gained–

In an instant, my HP, SP, and MP all restore to full, making me wheeze and pant. The gaping wound in my chest is gone and my heart is restored. I stare at my shaking hands, twitching and quivering before a hearty, relieved laugh escapes me.

My newly reformed heart is pounding with a mixture of dread and overwhelming happiness. I didn't know if this would've worked-- I didn't even know if trees had souls, but it worked.

I did it again. I lived. I lived when the odds were against me. I cheated death twice!

"Hahaha!" My laughter continues to echo out through the woods. "I-I'm still alive!"

"What a vile, but clever way to save yourself." Lucifer chuckles. "I do not know where you got such power from, but I must say that it gave me quite the shock when you first demonstrated it back when you were ambushed."

"I'm alive. I'm not dead." I continue to mutter, barely acknowledging his existence. "I'm alive…"

"Hm?" Lucifer blinks. "Are you alright?"

"Alright?!" I whip my head at him with a still terrified, but relieved grin. "I took a spear to the heart and still lived! I escaped certain death!"

"I suppose…"

My Sublime Perception suddenly activates, shaking me out of this weird high I was in and prompting me to evade a light lance by a hair's breadth. My grin turns into a scowl as I see Kokabiel walking toward me, with barely any magic or power left.

…He's not really a threat anymore, not when I'm at full everything. The realization makes all the fear I should be feeling turn to burning fury.

"I do not know who you were talking to just now, nor do I know how you survived that–" Kokabiel starts, glowering at me. "But I've decided that a monster such as yourself does not deserve to live."

"Me? I'm the monster, you warmongering fuck?!" My scowl deepens. "You're the dipshit who invaded my fucking territory and tried to kill all of us!"

"Act like you care all you want, vermin." He easily deflects, glaring at my very soul. "Both of us know just how twisted you really are. Only the darkest and most wicked would even dare to do such a thing."

"Because I tried to take your soul?" I raise a brow. "Please, what's the difference between that and dying normally? Really, I'm doing the world a favor here, getting rid of you permanently."

"What a fool you are." He scoffs. "Some things are taboo for a reason, girl."

"Bullshit." I spit out. "Otherwise, Sacred Gears wouldn't fucking exist you moron."

The cadre bares his teeth at me and hurls more spells, but I simply overcharge and cast a shield that blocks all of them, then rush from under it, managing to land a hook to his stupid fucking face. Yeah, he's way weaker than before. I can take him on as I am right now.

However, he isn't completely helpless, actually capable of fighting back well enough to hit me a few times, kneeing me in the stomach and punching me in the cheek. I answer with my own punch to the kidney, making him grunt and step back.

Kokabiel fails to dodge a dropkick to the chest, sending him rolling back and falling on his front. You know, maybe… Maybe I can still steal his soul. Yeah, he's too injured to really do anything. I can still get this power up.

As that thought crosses my mind, Kokabiel suddenly lunges at me with renewed vigor, creating swords with the last drops of his magic in an attempt to cut my head off. He isn't close to fast enough to do that though, as I cast a big block of ice in between us.

And once I quickly cast a knife to stab him in the leg, the air suddenly got warmer around us, making the two of us stop our fight for a moment to see the huge, red comet approaching us from the distance.

As it gets close enough, I sense a familiar energy, feeling a pit in my stomach when I see my uncle kick Kokabiel in the head. Flames dance around Akiyama's body, his once brown eyes now burning a fiery orange.

"Sorry for being late." He says, trying to sound cool.

Nooo…

No, no no no!

"But everything's gonna be fine now, Akane-chan."

No, you fucking moron! Why did you have to show up?! Now I can't fucking devour his soul!

God fucking DAMN IT!

I bite my scream down, doing everything in my power to rein in my rage. What the fuck is my luck?! Couldn't you have done something to prevent this, Game?!

FUCK!

Kokabiel, still somehow alive, manages to stand back up impressively enough, looking worse for wear. He scowls deeply at Akiyama, almost frothing at the mouth in rage that almost rivals mine.

"More and more of you keep showing up…" He growls. "Like annoying cockroaches that refuse to die…!"

"Stand down, Kokabiel." Akiyama says, flames bursting forth. "Before you get yourself killed."

"Silence." The cadre hisses, getting into a stance. "I will not give up. Not to you, you pathetic lowlives."

"Kokabiel…" My uncle repeats warningly.

"I will continue to fight, even if it kills me!" He announces. "Get ready, Vermilion Bird!"

And as soon as Kokabiel takes the first step toward us, a spear of even more powerful holy energy goes through his heart, making my anger flare significantly before I look up at who stole my fucking kill.

But it was none other than Azazel, who looks down at Kokabiel in displeasure and contempt. Kokabiel turns to him with a shocked look before he falls down.

"I had faith in you, you know," Azazel says. "I thought that maybe you'd drop this insane plan of yours and come back to the Grigori."

Silence. None said anything as the leader of the Grigori continued.

"...It looks like I was wrong." He mutters, eyes closing as he floated down to the ground. "...Why did you have to go and do all of this, Kokabiel? You know more than anyone just how much I hate having to kill my own kind."

Kokabiel… laughs, blood sputtering out of his mouth as he gazes up at his leader.

"I had to–" He coughs. "W-we're… walking toward our own demise… without stopping…"

Azazel doesn't say anything.

"We'll all die as soon as five or six years…" He takes a sharp breath. "I wanted to… have my last wish granted."

"At the cost of the lives of so many innocent people?"

"What difference does it make…?" The cadre chuckles.

"...I do not know who filled your mind with so many lies–"

"They're not… lies…" More blood comes out of his mouth. "I've seen them, Azazel… They're coming…And Father isn't here to save us…"

Once again, Azazel remains silent.

"You know it… deep in your bones…" Kokabiel gasps, actually tearing up, but with the smile never leaving his face. "Our father is long gone…"

Azazel sighs deeply, shutting his eyes and looking away. I wait for this unbelievably stupid scene to end as I seethe and stew in my own fury… until a very risky idea pops up in my head. You know what? Fuck the consequences. The Akane of tomorrow can take care of it.

I didn't get his soul, and I probably lost the 'keep everyone alive' bonus objective, but I'll be damned if I let one more thing slip by me. I don't fucking care how this affects me in the future, but I refuse to let this go.

Fuck him. Fuck all these morons standing around doing nothing. I'm getting what I fucking want. I suffered enough today and I deserve it.

From behind Akiyama, who doesn't notice me, I pull out Angel's Sorrow from my inventory and aim at Kokabiel, who starts to speak once again.

"Azazel… the girl over there is–"

I pull the trigger, and neither Akiyama nor Azazel expects the loud bang from my gun or a bullet to go through the downed man's skull, killing him instantly. I resist a wide, almost manic grin from splitting my face, keeping the angry facade.

The two adults look at me in pure shock as Lucifer fucking loses it over there next to Azazel once I say the first thing that comes to mind.

"That's for David, you war-loving fuckhead."


And that's the kokabiel arc done. Just one more chapter for the aftermath before the next arc.

Writing Akane getting and stealing Kokabiel's soul would've probably completely trivialized the next arc, but I'd be too mean if I didn't give her the kill at least lol.

And yes, she did get a new perk from devouring the soul of a tree.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, Spooks451, Steele/Mili and 253 others
Mirlnir
Jun 24, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 32: Cursed to Shatter
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 13, 2023
Add bookmark
#609
– Mizuki –

Staring at her bastard brother, Mizuki tried her damndest to control her temper, already having accidentally frozen half the city block they were in, keeping Asia safe and untouched behind her. None of them moved an inch, and it did not take long for her to realize what this was about once she sensed Majima and Saejima fighting in the distance.

The Mad Dog's choking aura nearly engulfed all of Kuoh and the Tiger's roars could be heard across all of Japan from a concentrated storm seen to the east of town. He was keeping them busy. Keeping the only people capable of handling Kokabiel away from the battlefield.

And as Mizuki continued sensing the battle raging on, she'd only gotten more and more furious. She could feel her daughter fighting, her power growing rapidly against insurmountable odds, only for it to just… vanish. Along with the Warhawk's power.

It dropped to a level she couldn't sense, certainly not with this nearly blinding anger. She was doing her best to not explode and break the seal right here because she didn't want to be responsible for the deaths of millions, including her daughter.

She was tough and probably had good inherent resistance to ice magic, but Mizuki wouldn't risk it. The intense magic she had was far beyond Akane's league. She doubted even her daughter would survive the initial blast.

Even if she did, everyone else wouldn't be lucky. Ichiban, Asia, Issei, even those young devils would perish in an instant, giving these monsters the perfect opportunity to snatch Akane away

Mizuki would not be responsible for it. She had to control herself. For once, she had to do this.

"I'm almost impressed." He suddenly spoke, tone as dead as ever. "I didn't expect you to last this long."

Mizuki said nothing, cold and furious blue eyes boring into his dead black ones.

"...She really is dead, isn't she?" He continued. "Rin, our most powerful. The pride of our clan… killed by this coward wearing her skin."

Once again, Mizuki did not respond.

"Do you not have anything to say?" He asked, waited for a moment, then continued. "I suppose not. At the very least, you still have those eyes."

The eyes of a remorseless monster. Her traitorous thoughts whispered.

"No, I'd say it's even fiercer than ever. Had I sent anyone else, they'd be frozen in fear at your killing intent. Interesting." Her brother kept on yapping. "Is it because of the daughter you want to protect? Your maternal instincts?"

Mizuki twitched, her anger flaring even higher, but said nothing.

"Of course it is. You're attached to her." He concluded. "She's your final lifeline. The last thing keeping you going. Without her…"

Her wretched brother then paused, his blank smile dropped and was replaced with a somewhat annoyed frown.

"Tsk, so the bastard failed…" He muttered, eyes looking in the direction of where Kokabiel and Akane's fight took place for a moment. "Disappointing."

And a moment was all Mizuki needed, using whatever magic was currently fueling her to charge forward at the bastard brother of hers. Jo quickly reacted and aimed the gun at her head, pulling the trigger. However, she saw it coming and ducked just in time to dodge the bullet, slapping the gun out of his hand before punching his face with all her might.

Unexpectedly, the hit landed, making him throw his head up as he was sent a few paces back. Mizuki quickly created a thick shield of ice protecting Asia as she prepared several ice spells in the shape of modern artillery aimed at him.

She paused and frowned, surprised at what she saw once he lowered his head to look at her. Half his face was metallic in color as if he wasn't made of flesh anymore. Did he really go that far? Did he physically abandon his humanity as well?

"What the hell did you do to yourself?" She questioned.

"What is this, concern? For me?"

"You embody everything the Amon hates now," Mizuki growled. "You're no human. You're no Amon. What… made you do this?"

It didn't make sense. They believed in human superiority with them at the top, as the rightful royalty. Sure, their strongest point was in their advanced technology, but none ever would go as far as this. Technological modification to this degree was forbidden.

For the first time, Jo chuckled.

"Oh, I've seen things you would not believe." He responded cryptically, his skin turning to its original color. He then began glowing blue, preparing to teleport away with one of his devices. "...You're lucky this time, but expect the worst when I decide to pay you a visit. Hurry up and break that seal on your magic. Would rather be a shame if I don't have one final battle against the legendary Rin Amon."

With that said, he vanished, probably back to his new base.

Now even he was telling her to break it. Did they not know how hard it was to do that without accidentally killing people?

Once she was sure no threat was nearby, Mizuki collapsed, falling to her knees as she panted, the magic leaving her body very quickly. The shield around Asia broke, letting her free. The blond gasped and rushed to her side, immediately using Twilight Healing to ease the fatigue.

"Are you okay?!" She asked, looking around. "Where's the strange man?"

"I fought 'em off," Mizuki said with a strained grin. "Told ya, I beat lotta thugs back in the day. One with a gun ain't that much different."

Still shaking, Asia swallowed, horrified at what she had seen earlier.

"Why… why did he do that? Why did he kill them?"

Mizuki frowned but said nothing. She didn't know what to say to her. Better off to keep her mind off this than to comfort her.

"Let's go find Akane," Mizuki said. "Here, get on my back."

"Huh?"

"Faster this way." She explained smoothly. "Come on. Hold on tight."

Asia hesitated a bit, but obeyed. Mizuki narrowed her eyes in focus and rushed toward where her daughter was. She was beyond relieved when she felt Majima and Saejima on their way too, as well as Akiyama already there.

Her daughter was safe.

And that was all that mattered to Mizuki.


– Akane –

So obviously, I don't regret killing that shitstain, not even with the… surprisingly little consequences, but I sure hope this guy is done with his lecture soon. I already told him why I did it and shared my side of the story, twisting the truth here and there, but he keeps going on and on about this stupid shit.

Honestly, thinking about it more, I had every right to feed him lead. He was in my territory, threatened to hurt me and my friends, and even nearly killed me there. I was doing what anyone else would be doing. Show that son of a bitch what for.

"Not when he was already incapacitated, Akane." My uncle pinches the bridge of his nose. "He couldn't fight back, he was dying. There was no point in killing him like that."

"Tough," I respond unapologetically. "Don't care what state he was in. He was an enemy."

"Akane…"

After the battle ended, Akiyama, Azazel, and me – and also Lucifer after he was done laughing – went back to the training grounds we used for Rias' Rating Game, going inside the facility building to discuss what happened.

Azazel didn't look very fond of me after what I did, but really, this is his fucking fault for not taking care of his mentally-ill rabid dog. Should've put him down when he noticed something was off, but no, he let the guy run around until he became our problem.

So yeah, negative rep with the guy, but fuck him anyway.

Soon after, Majima and Saejima arrived, looking slightly scuffed, confirming my suspicions. So something did hold them off, huh? Something powerful from the looks of it. Not strong enough to beat them, but whoever it was, they did their job. Must be more of these Amon bastards. I doubt the Grigori has more of Kokabiel's level, ones that followed him anyhow.

Once the Yakuza patriarchs arrived, they took Azazel to another room to talk about what happened. Probably. They left me alone with Akiyama for him to reprimand me, which isn't working because I don't think I did anything wrong, and I won't pretend that I did.

"I mean, why does it even matter?" I raise a brow and scoff. "You said it yourself, he was dying. I just put him out of his misery."

"You should never be so callous when you're talking about these things, Akane." He reiterates, "This isn't a game. These are actual lives. Don't treat them like they're nothing."

"Of course it isn't a fucking game. You think I'm a child?" I scowl, getting annoyed. "Why the hell do you think I killed him in the first place?"

He pauses and says nothing.

"I don't care who or what he is, but whoever's a threat to me or my home, I'm willing to tear to shreds without mercy." I continue. "And I can't give two fucks if it's heartless or dishonorable or whatever. Not you or anyone else will make me change my mind."

Now I could've said "Oh my bad, I was panicking too much" and whatnot, but that didn't really sound convincing. Sure, with my several Charisma perks, I probably could've done it and gone off scot-free, but I don't know. Half-truths are always more effective than pure lies.

So instead, I'm building this character that's closer to the real me than this 'stupid scared girl does a stupid thing when scared'. I can afford more half-truths than actual lies, and it wouldn't be so easy for them to spot said lies later on, which works for me in the long run. Sure, it would not help me much now, but I think after that little outburst of killing a cadre, thinking with a clear head and a good plan might be a lot more helpful.

And like I said before, I don't regret it one bit, because aside from it feeling oh-so-satisfying to put a bullet in his brain, the amount of EXP I got from killing him was more than I expected. To put it simply, before the whole battle, I was level 120. Before the fight with Kokabiel and after we've gotten rid of the cannon fodder, I brought myself up to 142.

Now?

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 195

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Swordmaster - LVL 95/100 [81%]

Secondary Class - Illusionist - LVL 1/100 [0%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 23,100 [1540 per minute]

MP - 55,614 [26,736 per minute]

SP - 23,100 [1540 per minute]

STR - 2520

END - 1540

DEX - 2140

INT - 2852

WIS - 2578

CHA - 1540

LUK – 850

[Photosynthetic Skin] – Perk

Your skin has extraordinary properties, absorbing sunlight and turning it into energy.

Being under sunlight increases HP regen by 10% and increases all stats by 10 points

Works as a food source

[Essence of the Warrior] – Perk – 2500 STR

With such force within, a fragment of your soul gained a powerful essence. This is only the beginning…

Physical Damage is increased by 35%

All weapons you hold are one thousand times more durable

Physical attacks have a slight chance of permanently damaging armor

[Essence of the Hermit] – Perk – 2500 WIS

With such force within, a fragment of your soul gained a powerful essence. This is only the beginning…

Mana Regen is doubled

Casting speed is increased by 20%

Taking damage restores a flat portion of your MP

Almost level 200. 750 points in both DEX and STR from pure level-ups excluding the stats I gained from the quest. I'm more than twice as fast and strong as I was before the battle. Sure, not as insane as what I would've gotten from Kokabiel had I devoured his soul, but those stats alongside the new essences are already a massive jump in power. And on top of all of that, I finally unlocked the next stage of the dungeon.

That would give me a considerable power boost by itself. Five levels and I get to pick a new class, one focused on END. I have to get the endurance essence assuming it's as strong as the other ones. Might actually make me withstand a hit or two.

I don't like being a glass cannon.

But really, more than anything– more than the exp or levels or stats I got… this fight made me realize just how weak I am in the grand scheme of things, and it's not just about physical or magical strength. Those were clear to me from the beginning. I was what, ultimate class dealing with a Kokabiel that's so much fucking stronger than I anticipated.

I was ready to have my ass handed to me in case things went south. That was fine, I'm not dumb enough to think I can take on someone one or two tiers above me unless I was swinging Excelsis around like a lunatic.

An unfortunate event, but not one I was really able to control.

…Is what I'd say if I was some pathetic loser, but I am not. I had no excuse there.

I knew he was going to attack, I had all the cards and options I needed to beat him effortlessly. I had this gamer powers for like a month, yet I barely even scratched the surface of the level of power required to defeat him. It's simple as it is infuriating. I should've prepared better, and I had no one to blame but myself.

This is not the fault of Akiyama or that Shin guy interrupting my soul-eating, not even the game's fault for not helping me that much. I just wasn't proactive enough. I didn't work hard enough, and this disastrous battle was enough proof of it.

I'm so disgusted that it makes my skin crawl.

And the fact that I couldn't do anything, merely frozen in fear and incapable of even trying to retreat made me realize another thing. The Thanatophobia trait is a lot more detrimental to me than helpful, especially considering the world I live in. I need to adopt this fearless mindset. This 'shonen-esque' way of thinking.

On paper, it sounds hilariously stupid, sure, but I know it's exactly what I need right now. I'm not at a level where I can play by my own rules.

Someone might argue that fear is a natural thing– even Lucifer said so, and I'm pretty sure people like Ichiban or Issei can still feel fear but this? This isn't self-preservation instincts, it's a weakness. Being so afraid of something or someone to the point of freezing was always going to affect me negatively. When I can't hope to grow in strength unless I take massive risks and throw myself in danger, such a trait will only hold me back.

I can make all the armors I want, and build whatever type of tech that'll help me survive, but I can do that without this trait. I can be careful and plan ahead without it because from what I've seen so far, all it does is turn me into a coward.

It didn't help make me more careful, it didn't help make me more patient. It just made me more easily scared.

I can't fucking believe I even debated whether I should help Ichiban or not when that was the perfect opportunity for our win. And having the goddamn devil god try to comfort me in that way? I've never felt so humiliated in my life. I don't want to feel that shame again. Never ever.

'Makes me careful' my ass. It's laughable that I tried to trick myself into believing that. I'm gonna get rid of it. I refuse to ever be so weak-minded as before. I refuse to show that side of me ever again.

Who knows, maybe if I never had this trait, I would've been more efficient, and successfully stolen Kokabiel's soul.

But I don't want to waste my energy thinking about what could've happened. I've been dealt this hand, and all I can do now is focus on the future and make sure this doesn't happen again. Don't want to ever fuck up like today.

No matter what I need to do.

"Akane, I'm not saying you shouldn't kill to defend those you love." Akiyama sighs, his expression softening as he sits next to me on the couch. "I had to do that too, and so did most people around. But was it necessary to cut off someone saying his final goodbyes? He was already defeated, at death's door. He was not a threat anymore."

"No, he didn't deserve that luxury," I respond with a venomous tone. "He waltzes in, starts attacking us, kills an ally, and you expect me to show sympathy? Fuck him, and that moron leader of his for not aiming at his head."

Thank god he didn't, actually.

Also, I knew for sure that he'd have survived had I not splattered his brain like that. Supernatural entities like him are way, way more durable than normal humans. I don't want him jailed somewhere, I want him fucking dead. I don't give two fucks about what sort of information he might've had.

My uncle rubs his temples but doesn't really continue the argument. He just looks at me with concern. Now to hope he puts this under my 'anger issue' file, and not the 'sociopathic tendencies' one. That would be pretty bad.

He speaks up after a moment of uncomfortable silence, though.

"It's almost uncanny, you know." He says leaning back, but my worries evaporate as he continues. "How similar you are to Tatsu I mean."

"Him? Oh please, the only thing I share with him is my eye color." Which is weird really. Why did he have red eyes? He doesn't have any Yokai ancestry as far as I know. "I've never seen him hurt a fly."

"Heh, if only you knew," He shakes his head. "You're practically the same exact person. The only difference is his lack of the social skills that you have. For the most part anyway."

I squint my eyes at him as he whispers that last part, Lucifer chuckling in mirth. The fuck did he mean by that?

"I understand you might've felt angry and frustrated at Kokabiel. So much so that you felt the need to avenge that priest." He returns to the earlier subject. "But you always have to have a reason before you kill. Always. You should never let your emotions control you in this regard, under any circumstance. Killing without cause will always put you in very bad places."

"Are you saying I killed Kokabiel without cause?"

That'd be untrue. I did it for the levels. A worthy cause indeed.

"No, but letting your own anger cloud your judgment like that can lead you down that road." He says. "Just… keep it in mind, alright?"

I mean, the only reason I'd kill anybody is if they're an enemy or if it'll benefit me, so I guess that's already covered? I don't really get why I'd kill someone for the hell of it. Sounds rather wasteful and stupid unless I get their soul out of it. Besides, being and acting evil won't really net me any points with the people around me.

Ugh, them and their pesky little morals. Could do without them. Too bad I like some of these morons.

…

Yes, that was directed toward you, asshole. Hurry up and fix the sociopath trait thing before we end up dead.

"...I'll try to control myself better," I reply. "I guess I'm sorry about the possible political problems I caused?"

"And I'm sorry for not getting here earlier." He smiles slightly. "A lot of things would've been avoided if I was."

"You're saying you could've taken on Kokabiel alone and won?"

In response, his jacket caught on fire, but unlike the usual red flames he demonstrated before, they were dark blue in color. I'm quick enough to use observe and see most of his stats immediately vanish, turning into question marks. Oh…

"Interesting," Lucifer says, muttering to himself. "How did Suzaku end up in a Sacred Gear?"

Oh okay. Right, he's like, in his mid-forties and he has a Sacred Gear. Of course, he already unlocked his Balance Breaker. It's only natural.

"Positively." He answers with confidence, the flames disappearing.

This was when the door opened and in walked Daigo alongside Mine, a serious frown on the former's face. He gives me a glance, and as I prepare for another lecture, he surprises me entirely.

"I'm glad to see you're not hurt. You've done well defending Kuoh against a fearsome foe." He praises. "I'm sure Tatsu would've been proud of you."

"...Thanks?" I blink. "I kind of killed a cadre, though. Wouldn't that cause problems?"

"And I'll deal with the consequences." He nods. "You've had enough for today."

Oh… That's nice? I guess?

Daigo looks at Akiyama, who stands up and nods as they communicate silently. My uncle turns to me and speaks.

"Let's go." He says. "We'll let them talk this out. You haven't checked up on your friends yet, have you?"

I shake my head and get up as well, following my uncle to the room where everyone else was. I give Daigo one last glance, not really understanding his deal. He's a bit too nice to me, and I'm not sure why. I don't think I did anything wrong, but I'd understand if political figures like him were annoyed.

…I probably should be on guard around him and his ilk. I don't like this niceness one bit.

Feels kind of artificial.

How ironic.

You be quiet.


– Sona –

"That's enough, Tsubaki," Sona said, flinching at her painful wound as her Queen applied some magical healing salve on it. "Go check up on the others."

"But–"

"I'll be fine." She assured her. "Fallen Angel holy magic isn't as dangerous as pure light, and I wasn't hit in a vital spot. I'll be fine."

Her queen hesitated for a moment but quickly obeyed, returning to help some of her injured peerage members. Sona sighed to herself, looking around at the rather… gloomy atmosphere. Most of her peerage were fine, only suffering minor injuries here and there.

Rias' was fine as well. Her peerage had been relatively untouched in the fighting and had suffered no damage. The redhead herself was unconscious, but not in too awful of a state. Sona would argue that she'd had it worse, taking a holy spear like that. That was the worst pain she'd ever suffered in her life, and it wasn't even close.

Then, beside Koneko, there was Ichiban, who also was out cold, but it was more out of exhaustion than damage. He was hurt, but not terribly so. She didn't know what it was she'd felt, but his power had exploded after she and Rias retreated, and Sona assumed he had unlocked his Balance Breaker.

But to do that, he must've been pushed to it, and he was incapacitated last she saw. Sona had assumed the worst at the time, thinking something might've happened to Akane, but then her power skyrocketed for some reason.

And at that point, Sona couldn't really think clearly, the searing, agonizing spear that was in her thigh making it hard to even stay conscious. That was the first time she'd had to deal with a Fallen Angel, much less a damned cadre.

Thankfully, as Kokabiel's power slowly dwindled into nothing, she'd realized that they'd won the battle… but not without cost.

Sona glanced at the dead body of the veteran exorcist, feeling sympathy for the two grieving girls beside him. Irina seemed to have taken it especially terribly, not bothering to hold her sobs. Xenovia, while obviously distraught, looked a bit more in control of herself.

The devils might not have lost anything in this fight, which was a miracle on its own, but it certainly felt like it. And the same could not be said for these two or the church. David was quite formidable and the two novice exorcists looked fond of him.

Could he have been saved? Sona wondered. Had we helped him earlier…

It was hard to say. If they did, then they might've not been pressured as much, and Ichiban might not have unlocked his Balance Breaker to end the fight. Kokabiel still had a great advantage over them even with David on their side.

But there was no point in thinking about what could've and couldn't have happened. In a practical sense, they'd won without suffering any permanent damage on their side. The church was their least priority. They had succeeded in defending their home and themselves.

Sona finally had a breather for once in what felt like years. No more weddings or faction leaders to worry about for the time being. She felt free, like a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders. She could actually sleep well for once.

She then glanced at Kiba, aware of his… issues with holy swords. Thankfully, even with his hatred, he wasn't cold-hearted enough to interrupt the girls' grieving, even looking a bit sympathetic. That was good. At least he wasn't going to start anything now.

The door to the infirmary opened, and in walked Akane alongside her uncle. Sona felt herself smile in relief, even though she knew she was safe a while ago. Still, seeing the human girl alive and well was easy on the eyes. Sona did try to ignore the holes in her clothes, especially the one showing a small part of her chest.

She didn't know why she felt a certain way seeing that, but she crushed those thoughts in an instant.

Akane gave her the tiniest smile back, but then she looked at the grieving Xenovia and Irina, the former only giving her a passing glance before returning to what she was doing. She approached them slowly, putting a gentle hand on Xenovia's shoulder.

"Without him, all of us would've died." She said. "He fought and died valiantly like a hero. I'm sure he's in a better place now."

That seemed to have an effect on the exorcist, her eyes watering as she nodded slowly, greatly appreciating Akane's attempt at comforting them. The Yakuza Princess then turned to address Sona.

"How's everyone?"

"They're doing well," Sona answered. "We made a good call when we told everyone else to retreat."

"They'd done more than enough against his troops anyway. They deserve praise for their work." Akane said out loud, somewhat lifting their spirits up, but then whispered to the Sitri in the quietest of tones. "Kokabiel would've torn them to shreds anyway."

Oh, Sona knew that. She was very proud of her peerage and Rias', but she knew they did not stand a chance against Satan-class Kokabiel. As much as she hated to admit it, they would've been a liability in that fight.

It wasn't their fault, of course not. Sona couldn't possibly expect them to face Satan-class opponents when they'd barely reached High-class strength. They were still young and inexperienced, both as devils and as humans.

…That battle really revealed many things to the young devil heiress. There was truly no telling when catastrophe could strike.

"Everyone. You've all fought well, and with your efforts, we successfully defeated a well-known war general that fought in and survived the Great War." Akane addressed the group. "You should all be proud of yourselves for coming this far in such a short time, but don't get complacent. This only proved to us how much stronger we need to be."

With simple words alone, Akane managed to brighten up the mood. At least for everyone who wasn't an exorcist. However, not wanting to leave the two girls alone like this, she spoke once again.

"Irina. Xenovia." She said. "For your efforts, as well as your leader's, you two are free to stay in Kuoh for as long as you'd like, whether to grieve or take your mind off this tragedy. I recognize you two as allies."

How oddly kind of her. Sona thought. She hadn't expected such a thing from Akane, especially considering how their conversation about the 'bait' went. Likely politically motivated, though.

Sona had to give to her, she was shrewd. She didn't know if Akane did at least feel bad for them, but that was definitely earning her points with the church. Assuming the two girls reported it to their higher-ups.

"We're honored." Xenovia nodded. "Thank you very much for your kindness."

"T-thanks." Irina sniffled.

"Of course. You two should go and rest." Akane said. "There are a lot of bedrooms on this floor. Pick whichever you like."

Once again, the door of the infirmary opened. This time, Akane's mother and Asia walked in, with the former nearly tackling Akane to the ground.

"Ow!" Akane hissed in pain, scowling at her. "Calm the fuck down, you old hag. Nearly broke my ribs with that gorilla strength of yours."

"I was so worried," Mizuki said, her embrace tightening around her daughter.

Akane paused but then returned the hug reluctantly, obviously uncomfortable doing such a thing in front of others. Sona thought it was very sweet, though, as did everyone else. Clearly, they had a very powerful bond.

"Yeah, yeah…" Akane clicked her tongue. "Can't we do this at home, though?"

"As much as I hate to interrupt this, your daughter is right, Mizuki-san." Akiyama finally spoke up. "Come with me. Daigo-san is waiting for us in the other room."

Daigo? Sona frowned. He's here? Since when?

"...Yeah, sure." Mizuki pulled back but gave Akane a smile. "I'm so glad you're safe."

"I am too."

"For me, or yourself?"

"What do you think?" Akane smirked playfully. "I don't worry about you cuz I know you're not kicking the bucket any time soon. You're too stubborn for that."

Mizuki chuckled in response, then her smile fell when she saw David's corpse. She looked both sad and grateful to him, very sympathetic to the two novices who lowered their gaze.

Sona nearly flinched when the mother's eyes landed on her, but to her surprise, they did not hold as much malice and anger as before. There was apprehension still, but Mizuki didn't regard her with hate anymore.

In fact, Sona could almost see gratitude in that look. Mizuki didn't say anything, though, and left Asia with them before leaving with Akiyama.

…Success?

Asia, as diligent as ever, was already healing everyone, starting with Rias and Ichiban, then Sona. The annoying pain of the hole made by Kokabiel's holy spear was gone in a near instant, and Sona could kiss the blond for that. Holy energy was unreasonably unpleasant.

Once she was done, she approached the two exorcists and sat beside them, clasping her hands together and silently praying. The two looked rather touched by the gesture but didn't say anything.

After a few quiet moments, with everyone feeling at least a little better than before, Ichiban stirred, groaning once he woke up. He looked around the infirmary, a bit confused and very obviously bothered by a painful headache.

"Did we win?" Was the first thing he asked.

Some of the girls smiled and giggled in amusement. Sona did so as well, thinking a one-track mind like his was refreshing.

"We did," Sona answered him.

"Heh." He grinned, glancing at Akane. "Knew I made the right choice."

Sona was a bit confused at that, but didn't ask.

"Guess you did." She snorted, extending her arm toward him. "Can you walk?"

"Yeah. Head's killing me, though." He winced as he took her hand. "I'm also starving. Feels like I haven't eaten in days."

"Dinner's on me." She said, pulling him up. Akane then looked at Sona. "You too."

"Me?"

"Need to discuss everything that happened." She said, then addressed Akeno. "If you girls are hungry too, then order whatever you like. I'll cover the tab."

"Alright."

"What about Rias?" Sona asked, getting up from her seat.

"Let her nap in peace. She had it rough." Akane said. "Let's go."

With that, Akane led the two outside the building, walking back to the city in strangely comfortable silence.


– Daigo –

"My apologies, Daigo-san," Azazel said, glancing at Kokabiel's headless corpse on the other side of the room. "I'm not sure what's gotten into him recently. I knew he was getting more unstable, but I… certainly didn't expect him to do any of this."

"No need to apologize," Daigo responded. "We knew this wasn't your fault. Kokabiel made a reputation for himself, one that was the complete opposite of yours. It was only a matter of time."

Of course, Daigo wouldn't have really said that if one of his own were hurt. If Kokabiel really did kill Akane or even Ichiban, then they would've gone to war. Peace conference be damned– some things would not be forgiven.

And Daigo couldn't and wouldn't forgive himself if he let Tatsu's daughter die. She was the rightful heiress of the currently-disbanded Amamiya Family. Aside from her close relations with one of the biggest contributors to the Tojo Clan, she was practically the matriarch. There would be hell to pay if she got hurt.

Daigo was willing to burn a lot of bridges for her. Azazel was lucky that his rabid dog failed whatever goal he set out to achieve because everyone knew that out of the three factions, the Grigori was the weakest. They would not survive a war, not even one with the Tojo Clan.

He only acted politely because it was the tradition at this point. He was sure that Azazel didn't buy his words either.

The Sixth Chairman took a quick look around the room, noting two of his patriarchs slightly damaged. Those Amon allies of Kokabiel were a different story, though. Even holding Majima and Saejima back for a few minutes meant that they had very powerful individuals.

"So it seemed." Azazel muttered. "I'm not sure how long it'll take me, but I promise compensation for this."

"There's no need for this, Azazel-san." Mine said blankly. "Kokabiel attacked and swiftly paid the price. His death is more than enough."

"I see." The Grigori leader glanced at Daigo's right-hand man. "I suppose that works for me. However, I hope this doesn't negatively affect the peace conference we're having soon."

"Of course not." Daigo shook his head. "I understand it was out of your hands."

This didn't exactly change the fact that he'd have more ammo against Azazel, even though he didn't need it. Daigo, and by extension, his clan, had no problems with the Grigori as they did with the devils. It's not like they'd been enslaving humans, and not like they were responsible for the deaths of two yakuza legends.

"That is good to hear." He said. "I'll be taking my leave, then. May we meet under better circumstances next time."

Keeping it short and simple? Well, not like he had any more to say unless he wanted to start brown-nosing, which was unlike him. He knew it would only serve to annoy Daigo and the patriarchs around him.

Azazel approached Kokabiel's body and made a magic circle under them, giving the Sixth Chairman one more look before teleporting away. That was when the door opened, and both Mizuki and Akiyama entered the room, having apparently waited for the leader of the Grigori to leave before walking in.

"All of you." Daigo addressed everyone in the room. "I want a detailed explanation of what happened on your side. Majima?"

"One of them Amon fucks got in my way." He said. "I would've taken care of them quickly if he didn't have an Excalibur piece. Couldn't even sense the guy, was completely invisible. No scent, no life signature, no nothin'."

"What?" Mizuki looked at him in bewilderment.

"Same here," Saejima added. "He was using Rapidly I think. Bastard was too fast."

"Excalibur Pieces?" Mine frowned. "You need a certain holy factor for it to respond. How did they get two wielders like this? Mizuki-san, do you know anything about this?"

"No, this is new. Not a single one of our clan was capable of using an Excalibur." She shook her head. "If anything, they'd even refuse them. They hate 'handouts' like it."

"Did they find a workaround?" Daigo asked.

"The church did find a way to make Excalibur wielders if I remember correctly. Vile methods aside." Akiyama rubbed his chin. "And with how technologically advanced the Amon are, maybe they did something similar."

"Doesn't sound like 'em." Majima crossed his arms. "Ain't they some type of human supremacists or some shit? She just said they don't like using 'handouts' either."

"...That's what I used to think, but now I'm not sure." Mizuki suddenly said.

"What do you mean?" Daigo questioned.

"I couldn't help in the fight because I was held back by their leader." She revealed. "And he was different. He wasn't human anymore."

"Not human?" Saejima's frown deepened.

"I managed to land a hit and I realized that he… technologically modified his body. He was part machine." She explained. "And this goes against their philosophy, so either this is a one-off thing, or this isn't the Amon Clan I used to know, and that's honestly more likely than the former."

This was good information he could put to use, but also a bit troubling. This meant that Mizuki might've shared faulty info with them prior. Which wasn't her fault, obviously– she left this clan twenty or so years ago. Obviously, not everything is going to be perfectly accurate.

"That's a bit worrisome," Daigo muttered, then looked at Majima. "Do we have any footage?"

"Ain't much. No audio, only visuals, but yeah." He then glanced at Mizuki. "It's somethin' you might wanna see."

Majima pulled a remote out of his jacket, pointed it at a screen in the living room they were in, and pressed a button.

The camera was half-cracked, showing the block where Mizuki's house was. Daigo narrowed his eyes at the destruction caused but then spotted two individuals. It was an Amon agent and Akane, a few meters apart and apparently talking about something.

"Akane?" Mizuki's eyes widened.

"No way, did she…?" Akiyama was equally shocked.

"Can't tell much from this since it's the end of their fight, but it tells enough. Akane-chan sure is somethin'." Majima smirked. "She single-handedly held off one of them agents you're so scared about on her own."

"I… see."

"That's what I've been sayin' Mizuki-chan." The Mad Dog's grin widened. "She's like a mini Tatsu-chan. Treatin' her like glass ain't doin' her any favors.

The footage wasn't even a minute long with Ichiban arriving at the scene, the Amon agent retreating, and the two kids rushing toward the battlefield after Akane wore some sort of crude-looking armor.

"What's this?" Mine asked, pointing at the armor.

"Ah. Some mechanical armor Akane's been working on." Mizuki revealed, surprising all of them. "I didn't know she was going to wear it unfinished, though."

"Mechanical armor? Is that why you asked for some supplies?"

"Yeah. Akane didn't look very comfortable with asking you, so I did it in her place." The mother responded to Daigo. "Sorry I didn't explain much earlier."

"No, this is fine."

Daigo saw a massive opportunity there. An amateur building something like that? Even if it was nothing compared to the actual armors they could make, it was still incredible. Talent like this should be cultivated, and he was willing to invest.

"Also," Majima began once more. "Arakawa's kid got his Balance Breaker."

"Excellent." Daigo smiled. "Saejima-san, can I count on you to train the boy? A Longinus user like him would have a bright future under your tutelage."

"Should probably ask Arakawa first." The Tiger of the Tojo Clan said. "I ain't gonna go easy on him."

"I doubt he'd want you to." Mine quipped with a snort.

As they continued to discuss, Daigo realized that he had actually gained more than he thought he would from this… 'invasion'. Would he want it to happen twice? Fuck no, too many risks. But silver linings are silver linings.

Grateful it happened, but they should probably work on their security so it doesn't happen again. The civilian casualties were already hard enough to deal with, even if they were few.



– Ichiban –

Maybe it's because it wasn't his own money, or because of how weirdly starving he's been, but this was the best meal he'd had in a while. He didn't know why he was hungry– he'd eaten like, an hour before the battle started, and the battle itself didn't exactly take too long. It felt that way, but in reality, it was what, fifteen minutes? Twenty at most.

Still, he had been craving sushi for a bit now. Thank god Akane didn't argue with him this time.

It's because of your Balance Breaker. Ddraig suddenly said.

What?

Since it was your first time using it, it took a lot of energy. He clarified. Besides the fact that it was a subspecies of course.

Right, that made sense. He'd barely contained that power for a minute. It siphoned all of his stamina damn near instantly. Still, the power boost was nuts. He could remember what it was like, and Ichiban felt invincible in it. Kokabiel's attacks barely even hurt him, like being punched by a child.

Which was wild to think about now. He had been manhandling them like toys prior to that.

"A subspecies of the Boosted Gear…" Sona said, finishing her plate as she looked at him in shock. "That is incredible. Such a thing has never been recorded in history."

"Is it really that big of a deal?" Ichiban blinked, taking another plate from the conveyor belt. "I mean, what's the difference between that and a normal Balance Breaker?"

"That is too specific of a question, I'm afraid. Every subspecies is different." Sona responded, adjusting her glasses. "But in general, they're more powerful variants than normal Balance Breakers. Subspecies form around the user's specific desires. They're incredibly rare."

That was good. Right? Honestly, things just seemed to get more and more complicated for him. He understood it well enough, but at first, Ichiban thought Sacred Gears were pretty simple. Apparently not.

"Do you remember what you felt like when you unlocked it?" The devil heiress asked.

"Not really. Things kinda happened a bit too fast." Ichiban answered truthfully after swallowing. "I just know that I wanted power. More power than what Kokabiel had."

"Hmm, that sounds rather basic," Sona said, a thoughtful frown on her face. "But perhaps a simple Balance Breaker wouldn't have been enough, and the Sacred Gear knew it somehow, giving you a subspecies instead. Do you remember what it felt like whilst you were fighting?"

"Well, I guess? I kinda felt stronger every time I got hit." He said, trying to recall what happened exactly. "Also, now that I think about it, after the first time I got hit by a holy spell, the Boosted Gear shouted something like 'endure'. After it, none of his magic damaged me as much."

"A defense-focused subspecies?" She put a hand on her chin, looking extremely interested. "No, it sounds more like some sort of adaptability, otherwise you wouldn't have gotten stronger. Just tougher to kill."

I thought the standard Balance Breaker already did that. Ichi thought in confusion.

No. A regular one only brings you to your boost limit instantaneously, rather than having to wait for it. Ddraig clarified. Heh, Albion and his host are in for a surprise.

"What do you think, Akane?" Sona glanced at his best friend. "You've been quiet for a while now."

Akane, who looked like she was zoning out, answered after a moment.

"I think it's pathetic."

Neither Ichiban nor Sona had expected that response.

"What do you mean?" Ichiban frowned.

"All this power we have, all this training we went through, and we still couldn't handle it ourselves." She explained. "Someone had to die for it. Simply because we were too weak to do anything."

"That's not really fair to say–"

"Would you say that if the church didn't send their emissaries?" Akane cut him off. "You know damn well the fight wouldn't have gone anywhere near as smoothly without David weakening and holding Kokabiel off for us."

Neither of them said anything.

"We were lucky that they suffered the brunt of the damage, not us." She continued. "If it weren't for him, any of us could've been in David's position. Would you still say that if one of us died instead? I know I wouldn't."

She was right. Ichiban knew he would've never forgiven himself if he had let Akane or any of his friends die. They really were lucky that someone of David's caliber was on their side.

"It's frustrating. Even with the efforts we put in, we still weren't nearly strong enough." She said. "We needed outside help to even survive, much less win. In reality, we didn't stand a chance."

"We had no way of knowing that Kokabiel was going to attack until recently," Sona argued. "No amount of preparation could've helped us."

"Stop making up excuses." Akane countered harshly. "Why do we need a warning like this? Why can't we be prepared for anything that might happen?"

"Well…" Sona struggled to form words.

"You know more than anyone that tensions are still high. That something like this could happen again." His best friend said. "Even after whatever peace conference the leaders plan to hold, why can't we just prepare for the worst? To prevent this from happening again? We're not going to be lucky all the time. No one is going to be holding our hands every time this happens."

"I understand what you're saying, Akane." Ichiban quipped. "But I still think you're being a bit unfair."

"Are you saying I'm wrong?"

"No. I didn't say that." He shook his head. "But to me, it sounds like you're mad that not everything went perfectly. And I get that, it's really frustrating."

"Then what?"

"I just think that wanting to perfectly resolve every single conflict or battle we may go through is straight-up unrealistic." He argued. "Screwing up and failing are all part of life, y'know? Sure, we may blame ourselves and stuff, thinking about what we could've changed for a better outcome, but there's no point in that."

Akane waited for him to finish.

"But I think that, at the end of the day, you're right. One-hundred-percent. We should be better prepared for whatever could happen in the future. Kokabiel isn't going to be the end of our problems." He continued. "So we'll work ourselves to death. Make sure we're not caught off guard like this again."

"What was your point, then?" Sona questioned. "Seeing you agree."

"Simple. Life is going to fuck you over, no matter how prepared you are." He responded bluntly with a shrug. "You can't avoid it. It'll happen whether you like it or not. So when it happens, I don't think you should beat yourself over it, because that's time and effort that could've been spent on picking yourself up moving forward."

How wise. Ddraig snorted. And from a brat no less.

"We can't be perfect, and that's okay. Life is an uphill struggle." He added, ignoring his partner's quip. "But at the same time, that shouldn't be an excuse for us to get lazy. If and when we fail at something, we get back up, learn what we could from the experience, and be better."

Ichiban didn't know if he'd managed to convince Akane, seeing how frustrated she still was, but Sona took his words to heart.

"Those are sound words, Kasuga." Sona nodded before pausing. "...You know, I still have some free pieces, so the offer of a long life is still on the table."

Ichiban blinked.

"Oi." Akane narrowed her eyes, responding before he could. "Hands to yourself. I don't share."

"Eh?"

"Hm? Did I hit a nerve there~?" Sona smirked smugly. "Oh my, could it be that you–"

"Yes." Akane cut her off, having none of it. "Now back off."

"And if I don't?"

Instead of Akane getting angrier at her buttons being pushed, she instead grinned and suddenly leaned forward, getting close to Sona's face.

"Then I'll just have to take you both for myself~" She whispered.

Ichiban had no fucking clue what they were talking about. It was like they were speaking in an entirely different language, but whatever it was she meant, it made Sona recoil in both shock and embarrassment if her red face was anything to go by. Super effective from the looks of it.

It instantly shut down whatever response Sona prepared, making her stammer shyly.

"A-ah…" She cleared her throat. "..How daring..."

"…It feels like I'm missing something huge and very obvious, and it's making me really annoyed." Ichiban said with a frown. "What does any of what just happened mean?"

The two girls looked at him weirdly, which did make him a bit nervous, but then Akane addressed Sona with her thumb pointing at him.

"This is why I'm not willing to give him up." She said with a strange smile. "He's a gift that keeps on giving."

"Stop speaking in riddles damn it." He scowled. "What was that all about?"

"Fine, fine." Akane snorted. "I just told her that I like you too much to let her turn you into a devil."

"I'm sure that's what it is." He scoffed. "Just say no next time. You don't need to lie."

You cannot be serious…

What?

Akane looked back at the baffled Sona and shrugged.

"See?"

"It's a miracle you haven't torn your hair out yet."

"No way, it's fucking hilarious."

Goddamn it, they're doing it again.

Before he could complain, Akane paused and took her phone out, frowning deeply at what she saw. She sighed and then stood up from her seat.

"Kaa-san is calling. Need to go back home now." She said, taking out her wallet and giving them a considerable amount of money. "Should be enough in case you want more. Catch up to you later."

"See you…"

Akane walked out of the restaurant, leaving him alone with Sona.

"...Were you being serious?" He asked her. "About making me a devil?"

"While I'd certainly love to have someone as powerful as you in my peerage, I doubt the pieces I have would be enough to reincarnate you," Sona said with a sigh. "So no. I only wanted to get a reaction out of her."

Of course, Akane had been messing around. It was like breathing to her– she'd die if she didn't do it. That's how she functioned. Also, he would've refused anyway. He had already sworn to serve another.

…Wait, why did she react that way, then?

"Turns out that was a terrible idea." Sona blushed a little. "...She is scarily good at this."

"Heh, tell me about it." Ichiban snorted, taking one more plate.

Well, at least he had someone who knew what it was like now. That's gotta account for something.


– Akane –

Closing the door behind me, I think about what Ichiban said back there. 'Life is going to fuck you over, no matter how prepared you are', huh? How moronic. I actually feel a bit disappointed in him after he said that.

There's no reason to let 'life' surprise us. You can prepare for everything, and accepting this false fact that you're going to 'fuck up eventually' is incompetent talk. Perfection is achievable, he's just blind. He isn't ambitious enough to see it.

I know I can do anything I want to do. With this power I wield, there's no such thing as 'impossible' for me. It's a meaningless word to someone with limitless paths opened to her. And that someone is me.

I can do anything. I can be anything. And some shitty, half-assed wisdom won't change that. I can and will avoid every single mistake from now on, and will prove it to that dumbass. I will be perfect, no matter what I have to do.

Once I get those thoughts out of my head, I look at my mother, who looks a bit nervous under my gaze as she sits on the couch.

"We really need to talk." I start.

"Yeah…" She scratches her cheek awkwardly, not wanting to meet my eyes.

"Relax, I'm not mad." I sigh as I approach her. "But at this point, I can't just ignore it. You need to tell me everything about that side of the family."

"I know." She mutters. "I'm sorry for… not being brave enough to tell you earlier."

"It's fine, I understand." I sit next to her. "You don't have to go into too much detail about their history. I just want to know the things that matter."

"Before that, can I ask you something first?"

I resist a groan and nod. Ugh, more stalling.

"I saw some footage of you fighting someone." She says, making me freeze, my blood running cold. "Er, well, not really fighting. It was like, seconds before he left."

I don't react.

"I was just wondering what you were talking about?" Mizuki asks innocently, calming me down a bit.

"Did you not hear us?"

"There was no audio."

Oh.

Oh fucking hell that was close. So they didn't see me accidentally destroying some of the houses around, nor did they hear him accusing me of that. If they did see me involving random civilians, I don't think I'd be looked upon favorably by them anymore.

Fuck me I was too careless. Holy shit.

"You'd be surprised," I say, hiding my relief. "Why didn't you tell me I had a cousin?"

She visibly stiffens.

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"Dunno. He kept calling me that. He's pretty chatty now that I think about it." I shrug. "Thought you'd know something about it."

"I… huh. Wow, that wasn't anything I expected to hear." She responds, still shocked. "Jo had a son…?"

"Does that mean I have an actual uncle? What's he like?"

She winces.

"You do, but he's a terrible person. All of them are." My mother answers. "I used to be a part of an assassination lineage called the Amon Clan. Superpowered, technologically advanced group of pathological monsters hellbent on conquering the world."

There it is. Fucking finally.

"Before I met Tatsu, I was… their most successful." She struggled to continue, looking disgusted with herself. "'Rin' used to be my name back then. The Ace of the Clan, and I killed many people, innocent or otherwise, for a bit of glory."

I can see the self-loathing from the scowl she has on her face, making my chest tighten uncomfortably.

"But I mean, you left, didn't you?" I argue, trying to comfort her. "So you hated what you did and decided to leave. Don't see the big deal."

Mizuki chuckles mirthlessly.

"No. No, I didn't hate it." She shakes her head. "I used to enjoy it. I loved killing, seeing people cry out in pain, begging for mercy, their dead bodies and blood painting walls and floors red… all of it made me feel a rush like nothing else."

Oh…

"I was their best because I took too many missions." Mizuki continues. "You see, I have a brother. A twin, and due to our father's more traditional views, he made him the heir. He didn't want a woman leading the Amon Clan.

"I thought it was bullshit, of course. It was clear to me and everyone else that I was better than him in nearly every field. Assassination, intel gathering, spying, fighting, and I even had a bigger mana pool." She leaned back on the couch, breaking her eye contact with me. "And that drove me mad with jealousy. So I just… kept killing, wanting to prove myself. Might makes right, and I had to show them all that I was the best. It was an obsession, and hundreds of innocent people across all factions suffered from it."

I don't know how to respond to this. I knew she had a fucked up past, but that sounds nothing like her. This dork of a mother who would cry when people mistook her for my older sister because "they don't think she's 'milf' enough" used to do all that?

"Even today, I still feel those disgusting urges. Voices telling me to kill for fun again. To prove I'm better." She admits with a shaky sigh. "But I know it's wrong, and I refuse to ever return to the person I was before. I left because I realized it was wrong, but I can't just… forgive myself or forget everything I've done before that. I'm a monster."

"Don't say that."

"It's a fact, Akane. And I've made peace with it."

"That's not fair," I say, even though I didn't mean to. "You already admitted it and stopped, right? You don't deserve any of that. You're a good person now."

My mother seems surprised at my strange response. Almost as surprised as I am. I… didn't really mean to say that.

"You have no idea just how much hearing that means to me." Mizuki gives me a beautiful, warm smile. "But it's fine, you know? I may not be able to change the past, but maybe I can better the future."

"What do you mean?" I ask, trying to ignore these bizarre feelings.

"I'm going to teach you every single thing I learned from them." She answers. "Every technique, every skill, every talent I cultivated in those years, are all yours because, unlike me, I know you will use it for good."

The prospect of learning everything from a former legend was enough to make me feel incredibly giddy. I know for sure that 'Touki' isn't the only thing she knows. I don't know how old she was when she first started training, but I'm looking at at least 20 years of pure battle experience. Imparted to me.

The sheer amount of quests I'll be getting, and through that, skills and stats… I almost want to discard my riskier soul-eating plans. But for some reason, I felt happier at the trust she has in me than the promise of strength. As well as a bit of… guilt. Sadness. Disappointment.

As if I've already failed her.

"But I want you to promise me one thing." Mizuki gently grabs me by both of my arms. "If you ever feel the urge to hurt someone– the need to kill or torture… You have to tell me. I won't ever be mad or disappointed, but I need to know if you feel them too."

Once again, my body tries to move on its own, almost telling her about what I felt like when I beat those Fallen Angels, but I manage to stop myself just in time. What the fuck are you doing? Telling her won't benefit me in any way.

Fucking hell…

"I just don't want you to ever go down that dark path." She says, her black eyes look like they were begging me. "There's nothing but pain and regret, and I don't want you to ever suffer the way I have. So please promise me this."

"...I promise." I nod slowly.

Mizuki's soft smile returns as she brings me close to an embrace.

"I'm so proud of you, Akane." She whispers, making my heart twist even further. "I love you so much."

Those emotions begin to overwhelm me, prompting me to find a way to change the subject and take my mind off… whatever the fuck this is. I then remember a question I always had, and seeing she had nothing to hide anymore…

"Hey, so I know this is a bit abrupt…" I pull away from the hug. "But is this why we're rich? Did assassinating get you that much money?"

"Eh, kind of? We did get money from successful missions." She half-confirms. "But not nearly enough to be billionaires individually. No, the reason for that was that before I left, I broke into the treasury and stole a bunch of things."

In an instant, Mizuki climbed up several levels in the 'badass' department.

What the fuck?

"Seriously?!"

"Yup, though, that's not all of it, y'know. There are other factors," She shrugs. "Like my programmer job, gambling, tax evasion, investing. Y'know, boring adult things. Also, Tatsu was weirdly intelligent when it came to financing, so he helped in keeping our wealth."

"I guess that makes sense."

…

…

…Wait.

"T-tax evasion?"

"Anyway, it's getting late. And we're waking up early tomorrow for our first lesson." Mizuki ignores me, getting up. "Come on, time to sleep."

She simply just… walks away, like whatever she said wasn't big enough for its own damned conversation.

Damn…

"You know, in the days where I still walked the living world, humans did have those… 'taxes' too," Lucifer says, materializing next to me. "But I've never truly understood what they were. Can you explain it for me please?"

I'm going to bed.


New arc incoming. yay. My canon knowledge of dxd ends here, so now I'm relying extra hard on one of the editors who read the novels to help me get through this. Why do I care about canon plot even though it's an au you ask? No big reason. I think knowing the original source material and knowing what to change is a good mindset to have. Might help avoid a lot of pitfalls.

Also, I felt the need to put a warning here as well, cuz I know I've said it before, but this story is going to get really dark. Like, expect very fucked up things in the future.

Spoiler: Mizuki/Akane commission I got recently
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Spooks451, Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot and 235 others
Mirlnir
Jul 13, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 33: Darkness Within
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Dec 25, 2023
Add bookmark
#635
Edited by: Marethyu, Immortal Spank, Bluwuh, Priapus


Hi, to those who aren't aware, I now have a Patreon—an actual one with genuine benefits. You can read five chapters of this, Optimistic Game and Draconic Impact ahead of everyone else, alongside other funny stuff. Yes, this means chapter 38 of this fic has just been uploaded.

Now I'll stop bothering you here and start plugging that stuff at the bottom of the chapter from now on lol.


Gently putting the chip on the piece of glass on top of a wooden table, I smile proudly. Taking it out of the corpse was hard, but I knew they had to have used something like this to hide their energies. So this was it? It's tiny. So small that I can barely tell what it is.

Good thing I came prepared with a microscope, though. I felt it was something maybe in their bloodstream, and this was close enough. To think that something this little can conceal someone of Kokabiel's power, even to an extent, is amazing.

As I inspect it closer, I automatically start the next dungeon wave as my turrets and armored guards deal with the annoying plants outside my ice castle. I expected more, considering the level requirement, but the dungeon mobs are pretty weak, and unfortunately, the exp they give is also kind of… meh. Not too bad, but I'll admit, I'm a bit disappointed. I'm already more than halfway to completing it, and I only leveled up 20 times. Good enough, but nothing that game-changing.

I did spend a lot of time practicing my illusion magic, however. I can't do anything that complicated just yet, but whatever spell I cast does work on the higher-level mobs here, so that's a good sign of my growth. From what I can gather, it's a mix of original D&D-style illusions and Skyrim's more emotional/mind manipulation.

I think I made the right choice when I picked the class. It's going to be really hard to beat me once I master it. Like, can I cast insanely overpowered illusions like straight-up mind control or even something as busted as Tsukiyomi? More than likely. The best part about it, though, is that it's silent and nigh-invisible casting. It doesn't work on stronger entities, and they'd probably realize someone is trying to manipulate their mind, but weaker targets? They won't know a damn thing.

The rewards and gacha tokens are pretty so-so, unfortunately. Nothing really that useful—some armor pieces and okay-ish accessories that increase my magic damage and resistance. I am level 215, though, so that's pretty cool, and picking up a new class is great. I immediately picked an endurance and strength-based class called 'Juggernaut'. I get ten END and STR with every level up now, so once I fully max out the class, I'll get the endurance essence.

Bit of a challenge, though. Gotta get to level 300. Not counting whatever quest I may get in the future.

It also gave me a heavy armor proficiency mastery skill, and I'm not sure if that will synergize with the mechanical armor I'm making. If yes, then I continue to demonstrate my boundless intelligence. Definitely planned and not at all a coincidence.

Finally, I can work on the 'glass orbital laser' problem. Also, this new dungeon does have five more waves than the zombie dungeon, so that's good. I'm guessing the wave count will increase with every dungeon I unlock.

Regardless, I far outstat everything here, so letting my frost knights and turrets go to town on some wild flesh-eating plants while I research and investigate the advanced tech sounded smart to me. It's still very early in the morning, so I have time before my mother wakes up and teaches me how the Amon clan fights.

I'll admit, knowing how powerful Touki can be, I'm pretty excited. Apparently, according to Akiyama, that's why most Yakuza like Majima are that strong. Aside from stuff like Yokai blood or Sacred Gears, of course. Counting Ichiban and Saejima, the Tojo Clan has two Longinus wielders.

I know my memories of the canon series are fading, but I still can't recall if the directional gods have their own Sacred Gears, much less Longinus tier. Hell, I think Suzaku belonged to an entirely different faction as well. I don't remember what it was, though.

Anyway, this does explain who I'm dealing with here. The only thing I still don't know much about is how and why my father was so strong. He had no Yokai heritage or even a Sacred Gear, as far as I know. Though, honestly, I don't care enough to ask about it.

…Okay, maybe I'm a little curious, but I have other important things to worry about.

Like finding a way to dismantle this tiny thing to learn its inner mechanisms. It'll help a lot, because clearly, the dungeons aren't enough to boost my powers that much, and once I learn all I need from my mother, my growth will turn glacial again. I have to be able to leave town and put my Devour skill to good use.

"Such fascinating power you wield," Lucifer says, walking through the castle walls. "Creating a pocket dimension like this…"

I pause my work for a moment, then respond, feeling inquisitive.

"Is it really that impressive?" I ask. "I'm not the only one who can do this."

"Certainly not. It is not particularly difficult to make small dimensions." He agrees. "However, yours is fundamentally different. Not even connected to the world we know."

"What does that mean?" I raise a brow.

"Hmm, well, to simplify it further…" He puts a hand on his chin. "I'd say it's more akin to making an entirely detached miniature universe than a dimension within the world."

Interesting. Is this true, Game?

To an extent.

Huh, but the skill says dimension, doesn't it?

The dimensions you make via the skill aren't inside the multiverse, but outside of it, within a separate empty space I made specifically for it.

But I thought you said that once the time limit expires, I get kicked back into my world. Shouldn't I be sent to this separate space instead?

I made a safety mechanism in case something like this happens.

...Is there a reason for making Instant Dungeon Create work that way, or are you just flexing your powers?

Yes. To prevent intruders.

See, that would make so much more sense if you made it so that I'm able to use the skill whenever I want instead of 'oops, can't do this while enemies are nearby. Guess you'll have to die.' What is this, Skyrim?

…

The Game doesn't elaborate further, but I'm already used to its stupid antics, so I ignore it.

"What's the difference?" I asked, a little more interested. At least he's way less sketchy than the Game.

"On the surface, not much." He shrugs. "But unlike other dimensions like the Underworld, Heaven, Asgard, and so on, your dimensions cannot be entered by anyone but you."

That wasn't really a concern before, but it's good to know that I don't have to worry about it at all.

"And you," I reply, a bit amused.

"Well, that is because I'm bound to you now." He clarifies and smiles. "Otherwise, I wouldn't even hope of seeing this, I can assure you."

I hum and go back to my little project, inspecting the chip even more. Still, it makes me think. Can I somehow… 'invite' someone to the dungeons? Without binding myself to them, I mean.

Yes, by joining your party.

There are parties? What can they do?

It makes it possible for others to enter the dungeons.

…That's it? No exp share or whatever?

No.

Boring, but, you know, that does sound very useful. Being able to invite people into dungeons is—well, actually, not exactly inviting—more like kidnapping. I can't be traced while here, so in case I need to get rid of somebody important, this will be the perfect place to do it. At the same time, I can't do it when 'enemies are nearby' so I need to be smart about it.

Have I mentioned how stupid that rule is, by the way?

Yes.

Good, because it is stupid.

Anyway, I'll keep this in mind in case I'm forced to be morally dubious somehow. Let's hope it doesn't come to that point.

"It's equally interesting how this dimension is capable of creating artificial life for you to practice on." Lucifer continues. "As to how you grow more powerful by doing practically nothing."

I don't respond and decide to ignore him. I don't feel as defensive, though, since pretending otherwise won't exactly convince a guy like him. He saw me nearly eat Kokabiel's soul, and while he never brought it up again, there's no possible way he thinks I'm normal.

Besides, who's he going to tell anyway? Only I can see him and interact with him, and unless he wants me to hand over the sword to some higher authority, he's going to stay quiet. That's if I don't try to devour his soul first.

Which honestly sounds unfathomably reckless and dumb. There's no telling what he can do if I try that. He can just ignore it or somehow reverse it and devour my soul instead. I'm not fucking testing that. And getting his power is one thing, but most of his usefulness right now comes from his knowledge.

Too bad he doesn't know anything about tech. Would be really helpful right about now.

Anyway, I need some kind of machine if I want to take a look at the inside of the chip. Probably with some AI for precise work, so I guess that's next on my list. A disassembling machine of sorts plus some kind of Artificial Intelligence assistant. If I can make forcefields, then I sure as fuck can make smart robots.

And once I'm done, even a botched-up attempt to break the chip apart should be massive amounts of experience, and I still have like a dozen corpses with those same chips. They should be more than enough to help me replicate and maybe improve upon their work.

Then I can finally, finally use Devour on anything that isn't a goddamn tree. I didn't even get to enjoy it that time; I was too busy being happy that I didn't die from my heart fucking exploding. That LUK stat is for nothing, I swear.

Ugh, it's already been like three days since then, and I'm still bitching about that. I need to stop thinking about what happened entirely.

Wave complet–

Yeah, yeah, just get on with it. Next wave, please.

…Oh wait, I'm done. Wow, already? What level am I at right now? 225, so the boss made me jump ten levels. Not bad, I could use an extra few thousand to my HP. Won't help make me not a glass cannon, but baby steps, I guess.

I grimace as I see the level requirement for the next dungeon. 500 for a Wyvern dungeon, goody. Well, I won't be thinking about that for a while. Too bad the game is stingy and doesn't want me to just farm levels here. Either it's suicidal, completely moronic, or just isn't as powerful as I'm giving it credit for.

My two hours are almost up. I should probably get ready for training soon. Once that's over, I can start programming my AI minion, which honestly sounds more fun and exciting the more I think about it.

Maybe I can use it as a weapon against the Yakuza in case shit hits the fan. Seeing how a warmonger reacted to my soul-stealing skill, there's no telling what they're going to do if they see it themselves. I need to be prepared, even against my own allies. And maybe it can help me build more mech suits and stuff.

Like my own JARVIS.

God, that sounds so fucking awesome.

A childish and excited grin splits my face as I leave the dungeon with a giggle, confusing Lucifer as he tilts his head at me.

"What's gotten you in a good mood so suddenly?" He asks, raising a brow. "Some sort of good plan, I reckon? You did look deep in thought just now."

"You have no idea," was my vague answer.

"And now you're making me intrigued." He says, mirroring my smile. "Your excitement is rather infectious."

I ignore him as I prepare for the training session, wearing my sports shoes before heading towards the facility. These next few weeks might be pretty hectic considering the massive amounts of work I need to do, but damn, they're going to be really fun.


I take it back; this is fucking boring.

"Do I really have to do this?" I question my mother, sitting cross-legged on the grass in front of the building and tapping my knee in annoyance. "Isn't there a faster way or something?"

"You know, the more impatient you get, the harder it'll be for you." She points out, opening one eye to look at me. "Now less talking and more meditating. You need to have a relaxed spirit to access your inner ki."

I know she's right, and I also know meditating is going to benefit me a lot considering the quest I got about it, but god, I fucking hate it. You'd think it's easy, especially for someone talented like me, but honestly, I just can't get the handle on it for some reason.

I don't know how to 'clear my mind' or whatever the hell. I just… can't control what thoughts go into my mind. Overthinking is a problem I've had since I was young, and I just can't simply get rid of it because someone told me to.

I'm not sure if it's related to my wrath trait or not, but fuck me, it's really frustrating. I can barely sit for ten minutes before getting an urge to do something else. I always feel like I'm just wasting my time, and it pisses me off because, until now, I've never needed to do something like this.

…It was honestly kind of my fault for not taking my therapy sessions seriously. Anger issues fucking suck, and patience really is a virtue.

"You know I hate sitting in one place for too long," I argue, almost whining. "Come on, there's got to be another way."

"Nope. Ki isn't as easy to use as magic because you need a calm spirit and a disciplined mind," she says simply, making me groan. "Now stop being a baby."

I throw the amused Lucifer a pleading look as my mother closes her eyes again, and he chuckles in response.

"I can't help you here, unfortunately." He says, destroying any hope I had. "Your mother is correct. This is the only way of accessing Ki, and through it, Touki."

I resist another childish whine and just sigh instead, reluctantly listening to my mother. Fine, it's about time I started getting used to it anyway. It's going to be hard, but I killed Kokabiel, so I'll be alright.

I close my eyes and try to empty my head to the best of my ability. I get rid of every thought in my mind, and my muscles relax reflexively. Not even a minute in, my brain betrays me in the worst way possible, suddenly reminding me of that one nightmare I had when I was sleep-deprived.

At first, I wanted to ignore those troubling memories, but when I woke up, I never really thought about them much, did I? I was tired and too busy preparing to deal with Kokabiel to really reflect on what that nightmare was about, where it came from, and what it meant.

And I don't know why, but trying to recall whatever that was…feels weird. I feel like I know what it is; I recognize it, yet I can't put my finger on it. Is it related to my past life? Or some kind of vision of the future? I know I don't have any ability like that, but that's the only way I can explain it.

What did it say to me? What does it want from me? That thing was filled with so much malice that merely being in its presence was suffocating. Actually, why did I have that dream anyway? Did taking or using the sword somehow trigger it?

But I don't think it's related to Excelsis, because I didn't recognize the sword or Lucifer the same way, yet that thing felt like something I knew very well.

As my curiosity begins to overpower my cautiousness, I try to remember what it is. What it looked like, what it tried to say, and what it meant to me as a person. The nightmare means something, of that I'm 100% sure.

And strangely enough, it's kind of working. Meditation is helping the process as I clear my mind off everything but this monster I saw in my dreams. Bit by bit, I can make out more parts of it. Its razor-sharp teeth, dark tendrils, menacing grin, white hair, and red eyes–

QqqQsTTTTDDdDDdE

?i?}d m(?

OicCTc:Be F?n? ?e

Quest failed

Stop it.

"Akane!"

Immediately, I feel a powerful shock go through my body. I gasp for air as my eyes open wide, looking into my mother's concerned ones as she has two hands on my shoulders, seemingly trying to shake me out of… whatever that was.

"Are you okay?" My mother asks. "You looked pretty out of it there. I've been calling to you for like, twenty minutes now."

Twenty minutes? But it's barely been two…

"I-I'm fine, sorry," I respond absent-mindedly. "I guess I got a bit too into it."

"No kidding." She scratches her cheek. "Meditation really isn't for you, huh…"

…What the fuck was that?

Don't do that again.

What? No, fuck you. You don't get to order me around after that, you piece of shit. Explain what that was.

No. That is dangerous territory.

Do it one more time, and you won't wake up.

You don't have the balls.

Correct.

I don't.

The ominous phrasing makes me back down, but it explains enough. I knew there was something off about this, but I didn't expect it to be so bad that it even made you worried. That makes me pretty intrigued, you know. Not exactly good for you.

I have something inside me that's preventing you from explaining all this weird shit, don't I? And that quest was prompted by it, not you. Honestly, if I knew I just had to pressure you to make you so readable, I would've done so ages ago.

I don't know what the fuck you put into me and why it feels like I've known it since forever, but it's very clear that it's very fucking powerful. So powerful that it's even affecting the system somehow, possibly harming you.

This either means you're not as strong as I think you are, or it's so much more powerful than anything in this world. Which is it? And if it's the latter, why aren't you letting me use its powers instead of all of this? This grinding and training?

…

Whatever that glitch was, using the letters it showed… The first thing is "Quest Added", which is confirmed by the last thing being a very clear "Quest Failed". Not sure what the quest's name is. The word after it is complete nonsense.

But then the next two words are kind of clear. It said "Find me" didn't it?

Do not listen to it. For your sake.

Oh, I won't. I felt its bloodlust for a second, and I'd be stupid if I tried to poke it again for no reason. But now I know that you are afraid of it. Seemingly more than having your very existence erased.

…

It doesn't say anything, but I can almost feel its concern. And that feels very good.

I'll keep it in mind in case the bastard annoys me. I'm not above using scare tactics like this again, because even though it's dangerous, it made The Game scared. Who knows, maybe it'll help me get rid of the Thanatophobia trait.

Nothing like gazing into eldritch horrors to cure your fear of death.

Or any fear, for that matter.

"I told you," I scoff playfully, quickly regaining my composure. "You know I have a bad habit of overthinking."

"I guess so." She leans back and sighs. "I don't know how I can teach you this without meditating, though."

I pause as I try to think of a solution. I guess my only way is to trigger a quest, but the last time we sparred, she beat my ass like it was nothing… but back then, I was like half as strong as I am now, so maybe I have a chance this time.

But how do I make it sound believable…

A minute or two passes, and one solid idea makes it into my head, making me bite my lips in thought.

"Say, is meditation possible while doing other activities?" I ask her.

"Well, it's much more difficult, but yes." She nods.

"Then how about we spar?" I propose. "Clearly, sitting down and doing nothing isn't helping, but maybe I can pull it off while doing something physically intensive? I focus better that way."

"Hmmm…" My mother hums in thought before standing back up. "Well, it's worth a shot."

Quest added

[Power Within] - Quest

Objective: Defeat Mizuki in a sparring match.

Rewards: +100 DEX, STR, END, [Touki] Skill

Hm, less rewards than I expected, but I guess it's because of how much stronger I've grown. That, or it's the Game being a bitch because I bullied it too much. I never thought I'd be able to do that in a hundred years, but goddamn, it feels amazing.

Didn't even bother to make it a general ki mastery skill. Just Touki alone. What a dick.

"But remember, no–"

"–Magic, I know." I cut her off and rolled my eyes, getting back on my feet and making a distance between us. "I'd easily kick your ass if we allowed it."

"Exactly." She agrees, not even denying it. "And we're sparring so you can maybe somehow access your ki, not to test your strength."

"True." I concede. "I'm still winning, though."

"Tough talk for someone in the suplexing distance."

I smirk confidently and rush toward her, throwing a punch at her that she barely blocks. Mizuki's eyes widened considerably, in shock at my speed and strength that I didn't have back in our first sparring match.

"Try me."

Immediately, she began taking me seriously, raising her leg in an attempt to kick me. But I'm nearly twice as fast as her and see it coming, blocking it with my knee and responding with a right hook.

Mizuki grits her teeth as she tries to block the attack with her forearm, not realizing it was a feint until my other fist smashes her face. Surprisingly, she doesn't look very affected even if I took a lot of her HP with that, and instead of trying to make distance, she continues to be on the offense.

I don't expect it, and I'm hit in the stomach with her palm, feeling a powerful shockwave go through me and pushing me off her. I hiss, already annoyed at these double standards. So I can't use magic, but she gets to use ki? That's so bullshit. Ki is basically magic too.

Unlike last time, she charges me instead of waiting for me to do something, not wanting to give me a chance to retaliate. Oh, she knows she's fucked if she doesn't keep on the offensive, but unfortunately for her, I'm still much faster.

I duck and weave under her blows, waiting for a certain point to act. There were a few close calls, but by giving her the illusion that she had me on the ropes, I should find a good moment to counter.

Except I don't.

No matter how much she moves by kicking and punching, there isn't a single second where she's open. By all means, every single move she makes is perfect in defense as well, making me realize the massive skill gap between us.

I might be stronger and faster than her now, but I didn't think she was this good at fighting hand-to-hand.

I'm only able to counter-attack once my Sublime Perception perk activates, slowing down time to give me the needed window to land a hit. I use all my strength to strike her in the chest, hearing her take a sharp breath. I need to end this now. I can't allow her to lock me in a defensive stance again.

Once again, Mizuki pushes through regardless of the pain, but it does stun her long enough for me to turn the tides. I kick her knee and break her balance, throwing a flurry of punches and kicks that she struggles to evade or block.

However, she's able to parry one of my jabs, completely breaking my momentum. As she's ready to hit me in the stomach with another open palm, I grin and use a bit of my magic to create a small ice chain that pulls her leg back.

"What the–?!"

With her distracted, I knee her in the face and send her flying back, landing on her back as she nurses her bleeding nose in pain. Seeing this trick work twice now makes me think I have found my new favorite spell.

Mizuki tries to get up to maybe continue the fight, but I approach her and point an ice sword at her.

"Oi, using magic is against the rules!" She complains.

"Well, that's kind of unfair, don't you think?" I raise a brow. "After all, you were using Ki."

Also, the quest said nothing about that, so I'm pretty sure this still counts as a win.

"Well, yes, but we still agreed to–"

"And it's not like you can't use magic." I shrug. "And it's just a one-on-one; I don't have Ichi or Issei here to help me out. So really, what was the point of that rule anyway?"

"I– well…" She struggles to argue but then stops, wiping her nose. "...Wait, are you saying you can do it now?"

"Do you forfeit?" I raise a brow.

"What does that have to do with anything?" She blinks. Exasperation fills her expression as she looks at my smug smirk. "...Yes, fine, I give up."

Quest complete

"Then yes, I can." My smirk widens into a big smile.

[Touki] – Skill

Using your lesser connection to the Lifestream, you are able to use your very life essence for power, bolstering your physical strength relative to your mastery of ki.

Activating Touki will increase your STR, DEX, and END by 100%.

Drains 5000 SP per second.

…Imagine if that didn't work. I would die of embarrassment.

Anyway, holy fuck, it doubles my stats?! That's way stronger than I ever expected it to be. Granted, the drain is… actually, the drain is massive. I can't even activate it for five seconds before running out of steam.

I do need ki control mastery, don't I? Fuck, how do I get that? I need another quest or something. If the beginner is 100%, then imagine what kind of increase I will be getting when I master it. Probably 500% and beyond, which is straight-up insane, especially if I stack Excelsis on top of it.

Then again, the yakuza can't be that strong, can they? Otherwise, they would've destroyed the devils in practically everything.

Still, even with its unreasonably high drain, I demonstrate it to my mother. A small white aura envelops me and fills me with a lot of power. Mizuki opens her mouth in an 'O' shape, her eyes sparkling with both wonder and pride.

"Ohoho! You're actually pulling it off!" She says excitedly, getting up and forgetting the pain from her bleeding nose. "This is amazing!"

"Such an unorthodox way of 'meditation'. Frankly impossible, if anything." Lucifer says thoughtfully, a hand on his chin. "How fascinating."

My mother doesn't seem very suspicious, which is what really matters. Don't care if I look questionable to Lucifer.

"Is it?"

"Quite." The Devil God nods.

"With this weird method? Hell yeah!" My mother confirms. "I always knew you had the strangest solutions for problems, but so far, this takes the cake."

"What's next, then?" I ask, deactivating Touki as I exhale. Geez, I already feel exhausted.

The stamina drain is too fast. I need that endurance essence soon.

"Well, even though you're still a beginner, I think getting the hang of it is enough for now. You can improve your control over ki in your own time. You're my daughter after all; you got this." Mizuki puffs her chest. "Now, you learn other techniques, like how to incapacitate your opponent with little to no effort."

"How?"

"By hitting them where it really hurts." She smirks. "Ever heard of pressure points?"

After the tiny disappointment of Touki's rather massive drain, this makes me brighten up. Now we're getting somewhere.

"Oh what am I saying, you probably heard of it from an anime or something." Mizuki teases cheekily. "You big otaku."

"You're one to talk. You're not the target demographic of Shonen Jump, you know."

"One Piece transcends such silly things!"

Of course it does.


– Rias –

A few days had passed after the big battle, and after reading a whole summarized report of what happened after she was knocked out, she realized that they were incredibly lucky to have gotten off relatively unharmed against that madman.

She also understood that they were extremely awesome to have handled it flawlessly—what happened to the church didn't count—Like, defeating a Satan-class cadre without any help from the Yakuza? Well, it was certainly an ego boost for her.

Yes, she did feel sympathetic for the church girls, but honestly, this didn't really negatively affect Rias or her allies in any meaningful way, so she couldn't bring herself to care about them or their leader very much. It might sound a bit harsh and kind of fucked up, but things like these weren't all black and white. All she cared about were her friends, like Sona, her peerage, and even Akane and the other humans.

What was fucked up, though, was what the yakuza did to the civilians that saw the battle. Obviously, some of them being dragged into it wasn't Akane's fault. She got ambushed and had to defend herself. If anything, Rias felt bad for her. Seeing what happened to those poor people must be haunting, even if she acted like it didn't affect her at all.

Still, while she understood it was necessary, the fact that the Tojo clan went around and either erased or altered the memories of those people… Well, it did make her kind of queasy. Now, Rias had had to do that a few times, but it wasn't exactly something she enjoyed doing. It always felt wrong to manipulate the minds of people that way, even if it was for their own good.

A small part of her hated the fact that the supernatural side of the world was kept hidden from regular humans. Their existence being revealed would cause mass hysteria and might just ruin the balance of the world, but was it wrong to imagine a world where everyone got along?

"So what brings you here this time?" Sona asked her from across the table, a cup of coffee in her hand as she read through a few papers.

"Nothing in particular," Rias answered, looking out the window of the student council room before turning to her. "You know, you look like you're in a good mood today."

"Am I?" Sona asked, still looking at the papers and sipping from her warm drink.

"Yeah. Something happened?"

"Not really, no." Her childhood friend responded. "...I suppose I don't feel as stressed now that we've dealt with most of our current problems."

"Heh, that would do it." Rias smiled. "Weird how all that happened in the span of what, a month? Since Akane came here."

"Mhm."

"Weird coincidence, isn't it?" She said, "She gets here, and every problem we had gets solved one by one. I almost think she somehow knew everything would be happening and prepared accordingly. Says enough about her, I guess."

"I thought she intimidated you."

"Well, sure, but after everything we've been through, I like to think she's my friend now." The redhead said. "...I guess I was never used to people being so blunt to me. And you know what? It's kind of refreshing."

"Is that fondness I hear in your tone?" Sona finally looked at her, a rare, teasing expression on her face. "Is there something you want to share with me?"

"I was thinking maybe I should ask her out." Unfortunately, Rias was immune. "Do you think she's into girls?"

She did give the impression that she swung both ways, in all honesty, with the way she liked to tease both Ichiban and Sona so much. Unless that's how she acts around everyone, which is actually very probable.

Sona paused.

"If this is your attempt at making me feel jealous, then you've failed." Sona very very obviously lied. "Do what you want. Don't come crying to me when you're rejected."

Rias said nothing, content with just looking at her with a wide, smug smirk. After a few moments, her childhood friend frowned and met her gaze with an annoyed one. She was so easy when it came to this stuff.

Sona had an obvious type after seeing her interactions with Akane, and never in a million years did Rias expect it to be the rebellious ones that got her going. It was both comical and incredibly adorable.

"What?"

"You like her~"

"As a friend. There is nothing between us." Sona's face brightened up as she got back to her paper. "Stop listening to stupid rumors."

So easy! Rias thought with a giggle.

Before the redhead could press her and elicit more adorable reactions from her, someone knocked on the door. Whoever it was, they were hiding their energy pretty well, so Rias couldn't exactly recognize who it was.

She quickly concluded that it wasn't a regular human, though.

Rias got off the chair and went to open the door before whoever was behind it kicked it down. The redhead barely dodged the projectile door, almost getting ready for battle before she saw who was responsible.

Whatever alertness and annoyance she was feeling evaporated once she met her cousin's eyes, giving him an equally big grin as she lunged at him for a hug.

"Sai!"
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lazeruis, jlk, A Simurgh Plot and 207 others
Mirlnir
Dec 25, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 34: Back to Normalcy
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#645
Edited by: Marethyu, Bluwuh, Priapus, Immortal Spank


"Oho? Look who's up and early for once." My mother says as she enters the garage, a cup of coffee in her right hand and a red bento box in her left. "Unless you stayed up late again."

"No, I just woke up like ten minutes ago." I wave off her concerns, focusing on the laptop screen.

My mother pauses for a second, looking me up and down before speaking again.

"You're going to school today?" She asks, gesturing at the school uniform I'm wearing. "That's odd."

"There isn't a dangerous schizo Fallen Angel running around anymore." I shrug. It always feels good to remember that I blew his brains out. "So, you know, I actually feel safe going now."

"Schizo?" She blinks at my odd choice of words.

"He was speaking nonsense when we were fighting; I dunno. I wouldn't be surprised if he was just insane."

I'll drop out the moment I finish that one quest I started there. Whatever I'll be learning in school, I already know, and whatever I don't know, I can just research and study by myself. I don't see how high school is ever going to help me when I can literally build something straight out of comic books in just a few days.

And with the current progress I'm making on this little Super AI project, I'm already way beyond the average human level. The Engineering skill is such a cheat—not because of the growth I have, but primarily because of its broad range.

Speaking of the AI, it's been going… slow, but not because of incompetence or distraction. Simply put, I want to make this AI using a coding language I invented. I want it to be hack-proof and entirely mysterious for anyone but me.

To accomplish that, I needed to at least learn and master every single existing language. Honestly, it isn't difficult. I could already learn these types of things really quickly even before the massive increase in INT, which I believe actually helps in this regard.

It doesn't make me smarter, as far as I'm aware, but it makes me process and understand things easier. It isn't just a measure of how powerful my magic is or how much MP I have. Good to know.

…You know, this makes me wonder. If it really did make me smarter, just how much would that impact my personality? I mean, the average intelligence in stats is ten, but I have over two thousand. Would that make me, like, reach enlightenment or something?

Being two hundred times smarter than the entire population of the planet might just completely destroy whatever sliver of humanity I have left. I would view even my own mother as a dumb pet.

Too bad that's not how it works. I'd rather actually be like that than have to wrestle with these stupid emotions every time I see her giving me a sad look. Way more straightforward and far less stressful. By the way, what's the progress on that, Game? You said I won't have to feel them anymore the stronger I grow.

Slow, but steady.

…I have a feeling you're lying.

Everything I say is a lie now?

Potentially.

You are being unfair.

I'm sorry, am I supposed to continue being so gullible and believe everything you say after all the shit you pulled?

…

That's what I thought. You don't get to fucking complain about fairness. You have no one to blame but yourself.

Regardless, back to the earlier subject: once I'd finished learning everything I needed to learn, I started the long and hard road of making my own language. Which… isn't that hard either, to be honest. It is, however, very time-consuming. And work like this needs to be accurate and free of bugs and exploits. Speaking of exploits, though, my Engineering skill is high enough that I can now get a sense of how many bugs are left in my code, so writing perfect code is just a matter of persistently testing until I know it's clean.

So my Super AI project is postponed until I've made a language that only I and the AI itself know. Why do all this? Because I'm more than certain that the yakuza as well as the Amon did the exact same thing.

Sure, it isn't exactly practical normally, but again, Engineering skill is one hell of a cheat skill. I'd argue it's my most powerful skill right now because, unlike, say, Devour, it has little to no risks. I can do things straight out of fiction that aren't really applicable in the real world.

Then again, this is a fictional universe I'm in. Or it used to be.

I can't afford to be easily compromised when those two technological powerhouses exist. I need to compete and even surpass them when it comes to AI. Make something so highly intelligent that it makes your typical quantum computer look like a complete joke. Unhackable, capable of acting independently, and able to learn and improve on its own.

An actual living being. Not a JARVIS, but an Ultron. One that is loyal only to me.

Something that can help me avoid the consequences whenever I decide to embrace that little 'neutral evil' tag on my status page. Hell, maybe I can hack into the Tojo clan and get whatever confidential info they have. I'm sure they have something important that could help me.

But I'm getting ahead of myself. I haven't even come up with a name for the AI yet. I want something that sounds cool. It doesn't have to be an acronym.

"Hm." She sips from her coffee, putting the box on the table. "Anyway, here."

I blink a few times, admittedly dumbfounded. There's no way she actually went through the effort of making this. She's too damn lazy. She can't even cook for shit.

"You made this?" I raise a brow.

"Why do you sound so surprised?" She questions, looking slightly upset at my apparent lack of faith when it comes to these types of things.

"The last time you made me a bento was in third grade." I deadpan. "Besides, I have money. I can get whatever I want from the store."

"Yes, but I made this with love! The ultimate secret ingredient!" She argues, smirking and puffing her chest. "Obviously it's going to taste so much better."

I look at her unamused for a few moments before opening the lunch box, pausing slightly at what I see. A colorful assortment of well-made food, not as disastrous as I thought it would be, considering the cook in question. In fact, it looks pretty good. Since when was she able to cook?

It honestly looks like something my father would make, and he was a very good chef, from what I can remember. He did take care of most of the housework since he was pretty much retired and didn't have to work anymore. Well, 'work'. I don't know what he used to do as a Tojo Clan patriarch.

"See? It looks good, doesn't it?"

"Asia is getting really good at Japanese-style cooking, isn't she?" I say smugly as I close the box.

"Wha- No!" She exclaims. "I swear it was me! I spent hours makin' it!"

"I'm sure you did."

"Why can't you believe me?" She bemoans. "My daughter is so mean! You're going to make me cry!"

Lucifer chuckles as he sees this scene unfold before him, finding her amusing. He said she was charming before, didn't he? He may be old and wise, but he sure as fuck has bad taste. I can't imagine how my father handled it.

I don't respond to her whiny girl act, knowing the eventual back and forth if I do, and refocus on the laptop screen, fixing bugs, and adding more code. I can feel her gaze on me, though. She's not interested in what I'm doing, clearly not. She's just staring at me.

I don't know why, but it's weird. She's weird.

"What? What are you looking at?" I ask. "Something on my face?"

"No." She sips from her coffee. "I just forgot how cute you look in a skirt."

"Are you mocking me?" I give her a sideways glance.

"Not everything I say is an attack on your character." She responds, looking exasperated. "Ah, I miss the days when you were little, always running around the park wearing the cutest skirts."

"I didn't like them then either."

"Yeah, but you didn't cry about them as much."

"You are mocking me."

"I'm not; I'm just saying you're a big baby."

"Why don't you wear them, then?" I counter. "Instead, all you wear are T-shirts and jeans. Knowing you, you probably also wear men's boxers, you fucking weirdo."

"No way, I'm too old for your typical skirts." She rolls her eyes, ignoring my accusation and answering like it's the most obvious thing ever. "I'm in my mid-forties. I can't be seen wearing that."

"Then drop dead already, hag." I scoff in annoyance, closing my laptop, putting it in my bag with the lunch box, and standing up.

As I try to walk past her, I'm assaulted by my mother as she pinches and stretches my cheeks after putting her cup of coffee on the table. I don't know how she does it considering I can probably tank a nuke to the face, but it's still just as painful and annoying as ever.

"But then who's gonna take care of my little baby girl~?" She coos.

I drop my bag and grab both of her arms, activating my Touki for half a second just to twist them painfully. Her grin drops, instantly replaced by a look of terror and pain.

"A-ah, wait, no, I'm sorry! I'm just joking! I'm jus– OWOWOWOW!"

"Get the hell off me." I scowl before kicking her to the side. She crashes into some of the things I have lying around, like car parts, tools, and the mini robot I made. However, she stands back up relatively undamaged. "I'm not in the mood for this shit."

"Psh, you're never in the mood for anything, ya grump." She rolls her eyes and rubs her side, not one bit bothered by the display of violence. "Still, it makes me happy."

As I hold the bag over my shoulder, I get a little curious. What does that mean? What makes her happy? Ugh, no. It's probably something stupid. I don't want to be late, and I also want to do some tests with my illusion magic while I'm there. I shouldn't waste my time with her idiocy.

…

"...What does?"

And, like the fool that I am, I ask anyway.

"Knowing that even with your scary gorilla-like strength, your cheeks are just as soft and squishy as ever." She nods to herself, looking proud for no reason. "My daughter really is the cutest in all the realms."

For fuck's sake.


– Sona –

Watching the students walk into the school building from the window, the Sitri Devil raised a brow. Huh, so she'd finally decided to show up for once? That was odd. Sona had almost written her off as a dropout.

But it was good to see her taking this seriously. Sure, she was at a level beyond what they taught her, but it wasn't about learning at this point. It was about discipline and following the rules. As a student, Akane needed to show up.

…Well, it was also because Sona would be forced to stop by her house to drag her to school, and she didn't have the patience or the courage to do that. Akane wouldn't learn her lesson and would even stay home out of spite, and her mother still intimidated Sona to a degree.

Sona was sure she'd gotten slightly better in Mizuki's eyes, but she doubted it would be enough to completely get rid of the animosity she had toward devils. That was a huge task. Hopefully one day, though. She seemed pleasant whenever she wasn't glaring at them with the fury of a thousand suns.

Akane paused as she spotted Sona looking at her, then smiled and winked, which may or may not have made the devil blush. She didn't understand what was going on, nor did she know when she started to feel attracted to Akane, but she didn't like it one bit.

Sona used to be very sure that she only felt attracted to the opposite gender, but not anymore. Something within her clicked when Akane pinned her to the wall that one day. How and why, she didn't have a single clue.

And now that Rias had noticed, she was becoming increasingly annoying. She wouldn't let it go, and no matter how many times Sona would deny it, she would call her bluff. This was the worst—why did it have to be Akane of all people? Their personalities were the complete opposite. They weren't even compatible.

To make matters worse, she was still technically from an enemy faction. They couldn't get together, even if she wanted to, unless the peace conference went smoothly. This was way more complicated than it had any right to be.

Sona shook those thoughts out of her head, dragging her attention back to Rias' cousin. His visit was very unexpected considering his… intricate situation, but it was a welcome surprise to be sure.

Unlike most in their age range, Sairaorg was a humble and very likable devil, especially seeing how he was shunned and mocked due to his lack of talent. By all means, he was under no obligation to be as positive and polite to other people as he was being. Sona knew she wouldn't have been anywhere near as agreeable as him if she had gone through even half the things he had.

To see him getting along with Rias, who was born with all the talent in the world, was very admirable. He never showed an ounce of envy toward the redhead. Instead, he was incredibly supportive of her and helped her out multiple times when they were kids.

Admittedly, Sona hadn't seen him in years, and aside from his impressive growth spurt—he'd gotten huge—she didn't expect him to have grown this strong. He had no talent in devil magic, nor was he born with the Power of Destruction like Rias.

His Vapula heritage wasn't really sought after either; lion taming wasn't impressive in comparison to the Bael heritage as it didn't directly benefit his power. He shouldn't be this powerful, yet her senses were telling her otherwise. He was nearly as strong as Rias.

Sona's violet eyes then moved to the woman sitting beside him. Blond hair, blue eyes—a devil from the house of Abaddon. Kushia, as he introduced her to them. His Queen. If his power didn't come as a surprise, the fact that he somehow convinced a pure-blooded devil to be his Queen certainly was.

Sai had a tough life, mostly because of his reputation as the "Talentless Weakling" of the mighty Bael Clan. Nearly everyone looked down on him and mocked him. Being needlessly cruel to someone whose only crime was being born.

She was happy for Sai for having someone like her by his side. She was noticeably more powerful than the average high-class devil. Hell, perhaps even stronger than Sona herself.

It made the Sitri wonder if she was the only person in his peerage or if he had managed to find others to join him. And if they were just as powerful as Kushia.

"I have to say, seeing that Rating Game you had with Riser got me pumped." He said to his cousin, sitting on the other side of the table. "I knew you could've handled it; I always believed in you, but seeing it firsthand? Man, that was one hell of a match."

"Psshh, what can I say? I wasn't even trying." Rias rolled her eyes arrogantly, making Sona audibly snort. "A piece of cake for someone like me."

"She was crying and whining all the time," Sona said. "Fully convinced she was going to lose."

"Doesn't sound like Rias," Sai said with a blink as his Queen giggled. "Is this true?"

"Don't listen to her; she's just jealous." Rias scoffed.

"Jealous of what?" The Sitri Devil questioned. "Your defeatism?"

"Can you not try to embarrass me in front of my own family for once?"

"I don't have to. You're doing all the work."

"Ugh, now you're sounding exactly like Akane." Rias pouted. "As if your crush on her wasn't enough."

Sona took the first sentence as a compliment and utterly disregarded the second one.

"Haha, well, regardless, what matters is that you won," Sairaorg said with a hearty laugh, getting in between their banter. He did seem more amused about it than uncomfortable. "Though, I heard some rumors that you had help from a human, is that true?"

"W-well, yes, somewhat." Rias paused, glanced at Sona's look of disapproval, and then sighed. "...I wouldn't have won without her."

Sona knew the kind of rivalry Rias had with her cousin would make her want to look great in his eyes at all times, but she wasn't going to let her take all the credit. It might just end up getting into her head.

And Sona was here to prevent that from happening.

"Really? Wow, she was that helpful?" Sai looked surprised. "How'd she help?"

"Training, mostly," the redhead answered. "And strategy before the match."

"But for a human to be able to match you in strength…" Kushia hummed, speaking up for the first time. "She must be pretty powerful, right?"

"Oh yeah, definitely," Rias confirmed. "Honestly, she's terrifying. Her magic is way stronger than it has any right to be. It's even comparable to my own Power of Destruction."

"That strong?!" Sairaorg's eyes widened in surprise. "Are you sure she doesn't have any Sacred Gear or anything like that?"

"Not as far as I know."

"She was certainly very inspiring," Sona quipped with a knowing smile. "I've never seen anyone motivate Rias as much as her. Not even Lord Lucifer."

Rias narrowed her eyes at Sona, silently telling her that she didn't find this very funny. Sona did, however. She thought it was hilarious, even.

"That right? She sounds like an interesting person." Rias' cousin said before pausing. "Wait, is it the same person that helped you take down Warhawk Kokabiel?!"

"Eh?" Rias blinked.

"You know about that?" Sona raised a brow. "Word sure travels fast."

"Are you kidding? Most of the underworld is aware of what you've done by now." Sai's grin widened. "You two, the Immortal Dragon's daughter, and this generation's Red Dragon Emperor, the four of you defeated a Cadre on your own."

Well, there was David too, but it's very doubtful that any devil would want to give someone from the church any credit. Sona thought it was a shame. Peace wasn't going to happen if there was still this much animosity between each other. Granted, though, nobody liked the church. Not even the church liked the church.

The angels were fine though. Comparably anyway.

"Everyone's been talking about it lately." He continued. "And in a good way, too. Some say that you were bringing honor to our kind, and others think this might be good for the peace conference happening soon. Practically everybody is happy about this."

That was true. The fact that they worked with the yakuza via Akane and Ichiban to defeat a well-known warmongering psychopath might end up making the conference go more smoothly.

It was good that it was Kokabiel who went rogue. Other Cadres didn't have nearly as bad of a reputation as him. If another cadre was the one they killed, then it might've been damaging overall. Sona supposed that they were lucky this time.

"It is certainly a great feat," Kushia added. "A Satan-class threat like Kokabiel was no pushover, I imagine."

"It's pretty eye-opening, honestly." Rias nodded. "I've never fought someone that much more powerful than me, and definitely not to the death like that. The fact that I could've easily died at any given moment—that a single slip-up might get me killed was… terrifying."

"Oh?" Sai looked interested.

"It reminded me of my mortality, I guess, and if I want to avoid going through that again–" Rias stared at him with a determined expression. "Then I'll have to push myself even harder."

Sona smiled at her childhood friend's resolve, feeling proud of her. It might've taken lots of harsh words from Akane and a whole life-or-death battle, but it was good to see her motivated to improve with no mental blocks to slow her down. It reminded her of the times when they were little.

"It was an extremely difficult battle, for sure," Sona added. "Luck most definitely played a part in it."

The conversation she had with Akane and Ichiban flashed in her mind. Both brought up good points: Akane's frustration about how they could've prepared much better for the battle, as well as Ichiban's understanding that some things can't be avoided and that what matters is picking yourself up no matter how many times you're knocked down.

Sona realized that she liked that mindset. You only really lose when you die. As long as you're still alive, you can still keep moving forward.

"Is that so? It must've been a close call," Sai said, then smiled. "Still, you managed to persevere, and that's all that matters at the end of the day."

"I guess so. I'm happy to be still alive, that's for sure." Rias grinned back.

"I would've been pretty disappointed if you'd ended up dying." He cracked his knuckles. "Especially with the tournament right around the corner."

Sona blinked in confusion. Tournament? What tournament? She tried to recall anything about a tournament, but nothing came up.

There wasn't anything of that sort planned, as far as she knew. Maybe it was something new? It sounded like something Serafall would probably come up with because she was bored.

"What do you mean?" Rias was just as oblivious as her. "What tournament?"

Sai and Kushia blinked, glanced at each other, and then looked back at Rias.

"The… tournament." Kushia reiterated. "Of the Young Devil Gathering."

Sona froze; her eyes widened as she quickly remembered. The Young Devil Gathering was this year?! She was so occupied with multiple different things that she'd completely forgotten about it! Oh no, she didn't prepare for anything. Her parents were going to be so mad.

"That's this year?!" Once again, Rias was just as stunned as she was. "I thought that wasn't supposed to happen until two years at least!"

"You forgot?!" Sai responded in shock. "How did you forget about what might become the biggest event of our lives?!"

"Oh, I don't know, maybe because I had a fucking arranged marriage to worry about?!"

"Riser is going to be there too, you dumbass!"

"That's not the point, idiot!"

"How long until the gathering?" Sona, still composed, asked Sairaorg's Queen.

No need to panic. They might still be able to salvage this, after all. Even as short as three months was more than enough to prepare accordingly, especially if Akane decided to help them out with this as well.

"A little under one month," Kushia answered.

Sona gently put her forehead on the table and held her head in distress with a groan as the two cousins started calling each other silly names like they were twelve. Just when she thought she could relax…

They were fucked.


– Akane –

I've never realized just how many people in the school are aware of the supernatural until now. Excluding me and Gasper since he's in god knows where, there are twelve. Twelve people capable of sensing magic if I'm close enough to them.

I want to test my illusion magic on actual, sentient beings without anybody figuring it out, and school is, ironically, the best place to do that. There are fucking cameras and shit everywhere in town, and after the Kokabiel fiasco, there's even more than usual now.

Since I'm planning to leave Kuoh for some level-ups via my own cloaking device, I needed to map out the location of about every camera in Kuoh for extra measure, and I've found literally over a thousand in just the central section of the town.

The only few blind spots are the inside of my house and the school. The former option is useless since the only person that's in my house is my mother, who is very aware of the existence of magic and would instantly notice me trying to mindfuck her, but the school has a lot of normal people in it.

But the challenge here is avoiding every person who is capable of sensing or recognizing magic. The problem is that those twelve people actively hide their own energy signature, and that isn't making things any easier for me.

I can sense them if they're close enough. Well, most of them. The one that I'm having genuine problems sensing right now is Koneko. Thankfully, she was chilling in her class on the other side of the building the last time I saw her, which was like, three minutes ago.

So after a while, I've concluded that the best sweet spot is in my own class during break. It's still dangerous, but I have to know just how effective my illusion magic is before I try to use it for real. I'm not confident I can actually try it on, say, Sona or Rias, but that's to be expected since they're a lot more powerful than what my illusion magic can affect.

…Now that I think about it, I could probably test it out on Asia for even better results whenever my mother is out of the house, couldn't I? Huh, for some reason, that idea never crossed my mind. Yeah, she's a little stronger than your average person due to Twilight Healing, but she isn't close to powerful enough to notice me casting illusion spells.

I should try that when I'm home.

Still, even using it on normal humans should give me a good idea of how powerful it actually is. Mindless man-eating plants and zombies aren't very helpful for this. Still really satisfying to kill, though.

"Aren't you gonna get yourself some lunch from the cafeteria?" I ask Ichiban as I take the lunch box out of the bag.

"Ugh, no, shit's too expensive there." He shakes his head, pulling out three convenience store bentos. "These are way cheaper."

Well, that won't do. He can sense magic. I need him out of here for a bit.

"Ichi, three of those aren't cheap," I argue. Well, they're pocket change for me, but he's broke as fuck. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"Relative to what I can get from the cafeteria?" He snorts. Good point. "They think money grows on trees."

"You fatass."

"Fuck you, I'm hungry."

"Shut up and go get me some oolong tea, fatty." I tease, sliding him five hundred yen. "Hurry up."

"But I–"

"Shush, that's an order." I wiggle my eyebrows. "Run along now. Burn some calories while you're at it."

The annoyed glare he gives me is beyond amusing; it actually got me to laugh.

"I'm messing with you, Ichi. Relax." I playfully punched his arm before handing him more money. "Here, get yourself a drink or two."

He stares at the money for a few moments before sighing. He takes it, but he doesn't look particularly excited. I just want him to get out of here for a few minutes. Though, some tea right now sounds lovely.

"Fine. You better not touch my food."

"I won't."

"I'm serious, Akane. I'll actually fight you over this."

"Damn, dude. I won't touch your shitty convenience store food." I blink in surprise at his aggressiveness. "Chill."

He squints at me in suspicion before leaving the classroom. Damn, finally. Now he and Issei are out, and as far as my senses can reach, I don't feel anyone nearby. Good, but I still have to act quickly about this.

I pull out my laptop from the bag, clicking my tongue at the small crack on the screen before I look for a good target to use my illusions on, using chopsticks to eat from my lunch box. I immediately grimace once I taste the inappropriate sweetness in my supposedly savory lunch.

Well, at least now I know she was telling the truth. Only she would fuck up this bad and mix up sugar and salt. They're in two entirely different and branded containers, you idiot.

I ignore the unsuited sweetness of the food and begin my experiment before Ichiban comes back. I pick the bitchy teacher still in the classroom, too busy with her phone, and silently cast a visual spell by moving my index finger, a slight pinkish glow surrounding it.

She notices nothing weird until a big, fuck-off illusionary black widow straight out of fucking Australia falls on her phone's screen, prompting her to scream in fear. She ends up throwing the damn device through the window.

I fought off the urge to laugh harder than I fought Kokabiel, hiding my face behind the screen as the other students looked at the teacher, startled at the suddenness of what the hell she just did. Even students right outside the classroom came to see what the noise was about. The teacher just sobs, either out of regret that she threw her phone and broke the fucking window or terror at what she saw, I don't know. It's still hilarious.

"How unkind of you." Lucifer chuckles as he watches the scene unfold. "But I'll admit, it is a little amusing."

See? Even he agrees, devil god notwithstanding.

The students approach her and try to comfort her as she tells them what she saw, while I'm still resisting the laugh behind the screen. Feeling a little evil, I cast the same spell again, and another equally big spider appeared from under the desk.

She backs away and loses her shit, pushing some of the students off her as she falls down on her ass, her screaming intensifying tenfold. I wince at the loud noise, but honestly, this is just way too fucking funny.

Not even a second later, and she straight up passes out. The students all gather around her as one girl leaves the classroom to get some grown-up to take care of it. They do act quickly, though, putting a bag under her head as they put her in a more comfortable position.

"W-what–" I cleared my throat, trying really hard not to laugh and calming myself down. "What's going on? What happened?"

"I don't know; she just started screaming all of a sudden." One student answered me. "Saying there was some black spider or something."

"Is she gonna be okay?" Another student asks.

"Probably. She's fine, just out cold."

"Was she hallucinating?"

"Maybe she didn't have enough sleep."

As the students discuss what just happened, I glance at my hand. So this is a spell that focuses on a single person. Very effective, and might even work on a high-class devil if they weren't on guard. Good to know. This is going to be extremely helpful once I practice a little more.

I try to cast another spell, this time more of an AOE type thing without targeting a single person, but then Ichiban shows up, and I immediately cancel the spell. He looks confused as fuck, glancing at the teacher before approaching me with two bottles of oolong tea in his hands.

I made sure to leave as little magic residue as I possibly could, so I doubt he'd feel anything wrong, and the traces should fully disappear in a minute or so. Not so sure about Ddraig, though, if he can even sense things outside his Sacred Gear prison.

"What the hell happened?" He asks me, handing me a bottle.

"Dunno, she was apparently hallucinating. Screaming about spiders or whatnot." I lie as I open it. "She randomly threw her phone for some reason. Caught me off guard, to be honest."

The PE teacher then enters the class, asks some of the students what they saw, and then picks up the unconscious woman off the ground, likely bringing her to the infirmary or something. The students, still in shock and surprise, continue talking about what just happened.

I wish I could've done more tests, like seeing the difference between targeting spells and universal illusions that work on everyone, but oh well. This is enough to know where I stand when it comes to illusion magic.

Just a few more hours of practice should be enough to use it in actual situations against real opponents.

Satisfied, I gulp my tea and focus back on coding. Ichiban looks slightly concerned, but then shakes it off and changes the subject.

"So, uh, what are you doing?"

"Hacking the government."

"Eh? For real?"

"No, you dipshit." I snort, making him click his tongue. "I'm just writing some code."

"Why?"

"To hack the government."

"It's not any funnier the second time." He frowns. "What is it really for?"

I smirk at him but say nothing, prompting him to draw his own conclusions as his annoyed look turns into a worried one.

"...You're not actually trying to hack the government, right?"

"You're actually so fucking stupid. Holy shit." I laugh. "Of course not. Why would I even do that?"

"Goddamn it, I don't know what you do in your free time, alright? Knowing you, that shit might as well be one of your hobbies." He complains. "I don't know what it is with you, but this isn't funny. This thing you're doing really gets on my nerves."

"I'm sorry, but you just make it so easy for me~" I pat him on the head, but he immediately slaps my hand away. "I'll make it up to you later, I promise."

"Whatever." He scoffs, opening his first bento. Before he takes the first bite, though, he speaks up again. "...You seem like you're in a good mood today. What's up with that?"

"Am I?" I tilt my head. "Well, I guess it's because I'm not as stressed. Since we already took care of Kokabiel and all that."

And also because I've been making excellent progress on most fronts. Personal growth is still soaring because of my training with my mother; my illusion is already semi-usable; and the Super AI thing, while a bit slow, is doing relatively well. Yeah, I guess that would do it. I mean, I don't really have any more future knowledge to rely on, but I can handle it. I'll be fine as long as I keep this productive energy going.

"That's true, I guess," Ichiban says before pausing for a moment. "Oh yeah, by the way, Saejima-san called me early today. Apparently, he wants me to train under him."

"Really?" Taiga Saejima, huh? Mother says he's currently the most powerful person in the Tojo Clan. "When are you starting?"

"Today, right after school," Ichi answers with a grin. "The Taiga Saejima wants me to be his student? God, I'm so fucking excited. Say, wanna train together after?"

"Hm?"

"Yeah. Even Issei is coming along." He nods. "I mean, you don't have to if you have something you need to take care of."

Hmm, I'll admit, I'm a bit curious.

"Sure. If you'll have me." I accepted his offer. "Training facility we used for Rias' Rating Game?"

"Yup. After school directly."

"Sounds good."

I haven't seen this Saejima or even Majima fight, so I want to see the full extent of their power, but they can't possibly be that much stronger than Ichi since he unlocked his Balance Breaker, which is a subspecies, mind you. He was giving an, albeit damaged, Kokabiel a lot of trouble, after all.

And with his ever-growing power in that form, who knows? He might end up winning against people like them.

Regardless, it should be a very fun fight to watch.

"Amamiya-san?" Tsubaki suddenly calls for my name, peeking from the door. "Shitori-san and Gremory-san are calling for you in the student council room."

Shitori? Who's– ah, right, Sona's human name. Right, I forgot.

"Looks like someone's in trouble~," Ichi says, making me roll my eyes.

"I doubt it's something serious," I say. "You better not touch my food."

"I won't."

"I'm serious, Ichi. I'll actually fight you over this."

"Oh go fuck yourself."

So easy.


Heads up, I have barely any experience with programming/hacking. The last time I programmed anything was in sixth grade, so please don't make fun of me too hard if you're in that field lmao.

If Akane sounded deranged there, keep in mind that, yes, she is indeed deranged, but she also has supernatural powers and can make impossible bullshit possible.

Thank you for reading.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Lazeruis, jlk and 186 others
Mirlnir
Jan 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 35: Swallowing Disgust
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Feb 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#655
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, Bluwuh, Immortal Spank


I don't know what it is they want from me right now, but I sure as fuck hope it's not about my 'behavior in regards to my commitment to school' or equally bothersome shit. It's really just a waste of time, and I'd just walk out the moment they started berating me over it.

Though, that sounds like a Sona thing only. I don't know why Rias would even care about me coming to school or not. I'd almost forgotten that Sona was that type of person– I would like her a lot more if she just dropped the pretentiousness.

I guess that's the only thing Rias beats her at? I still don't like the redhead very much—-she's tremendously less insufferable for sure compared to when we first met, but ehhhh, I don't think I can actually get along with her even if I tried; I just pretend. Which is working, and that's good. I don't want to start caring about more morons. Three is enough.

I doubt they're calling me for mundane stuff, though. They probably want to discuss something important with me or something, but as far as I know, there's not much to talk about. I think.

All I can remember right now is the peace conference and the invasion, but they shouldn't know about the latter, and I don't know how it'll help us if we discuss the former. Really, it's the leaders of our factions that should worry about it, not us.

Speaking of, I don't know when the conference will happen exactly, but it should be this month, meaning I have to prepare. Learn as much as I can from my mother, then get my cloaking tech ready so I can increase my powers through Devour. Unless the conference is this week specifically, I should have more than enough time to do both of those.

…You know, not having any future knowledge is surprisingly less stressful. That'll probably change very soon, the moment important people start looking for the person who took Excelsis. I'm still not handing it over though, even if they figure out that I found it. The angry metal stick belongs to me now.

As I approach the student council room, I pause and blink in confusion at the lack of a door. I take a small peek inside before entering, seeing it lying on the ground at the far end of the room. What the fuck happened to the door?

I enter the room without knocking, seeing that there isn't a door to knock on, and four pairs of eyes land on me. Sona and Rias, I recognize, obviously, but there are two people I've never seen before, and I immediately pick up on the fact that they're devils.

A girl with blue eyes and blond hair styled in a ponytail in an outfit that shows her cleavage as well as her belly. I can quickly tell that she's quite strong, even without bringing up her stats. She was even a tiny bit stronger than Sona.

The other person is a very large boy with a muscular build who seems to be around my age. Black hair and purple eyes—significantly less power than Sona and the blonde girl, but just under Rias. He not only looks similar to the redhead but even feels like her.

"Ah, Akane. There you are." Rias smiles. "Sorry for calling you out of the blue like this, but I wanted you to meet Sai. He's my cousin."

Ah, that explains it. Did Rias have a relative other than her parents, Sirzechs, and her nephew in the original story? I don't know. I can't remember.

The boy grins at me, standing up from his seat and then walking towards me, extending his arm for a handshake.

"I'm Sairaorg Bael. Rias' cousin." He introduces himself first, then nods toward the blonde, prompting her to bow politely. "And this is my Queen, Kuisha Abaddon."

Good god, this guy is tall as hell.

"Akane Amamiya." I take his hand and shake it, feeling his firm grip.

"I've heard a lot about you from them." He says, letting go of my hand. "Thank you so much for helping Rias with her Rating Game against Riser. Really, I appreciate you looking out for her."

"It's fine; don't mention it." I give the redhead a glance. "She looked too pitiful for me to not help."

"Oh, come on—really?!" Rias scowls and Sona giggles at her expense. "Can you not?!"

"Haha, I still thank you for lending her your support anyway." He laughs, thinking I was joking. "I hope she wasn't too much trouble."

"She was, but she pulled it off in the end." I shrug as Rias glares daggers at me. "That's what really matters."

"That's true," Sairaorg says with a slight chuckle before pausing a little. "No wonder you girls beat Kokabiel."

"Hm?" I blink.

Do people already know about that? Well damn, I guess my reputation precedes me. This is nice; being famous is fun. Though, aside from good rep gain, does it give me any possible political power I could use? Probably if I were independent, but I'm with the Tojo Clan, so…

Hmm, my father did have a subsidiary of the clan. I wonder where they are right now and if I'm technically their leader since he died. It's either me or my mother. Though, surprisingly, I really like leading my ragtag group of idiots, so who cares about them?

"You're strong." He states with an impressed tone, still staring at me. "Very strong. I never thought I'd see a human this young be so powerful without a Sacred Gear."

"Oh, uh, well, I do practice a lot," I respond, not expecting a random compliment. How did he know how strong I am, even though I'm hiding my power? Is he that good at sensing? "Talent can only get you so, far after all."

10 Reputation with Sairaorg Bael [35/100]

Huh.

"Well said!" He nods in approval before looking at his cousin. "I wish I could stay longer, but I must go and prepare for the Young Devil Gathering. It's been nice seeing you again, Rias. I better see you there."

Rias' smile falters, but she says nothing. Young Devil Gathering? It sounds a bit familiar, but I'm not sure what it means. What's that?

"And it's been my honor to make your acquaintance, Akane." He looks at me. "I hope we can meet again soon."

The blond next to him bows again respectfully before the two depart, leaving me alone with Rias and Sona in the student council room. For some reason, they don't teleport away immediately and walk through the hallway of the school, and I watch them until they're out of sight.

"You never told me you had a cousin." I glance at Rias. "You should've introduced me to him sooner. He's cute."

"You keep your hands off him." She glares at me. "My family members are off-limits, got it?"

"Oh, is that a challenge? Now I'm gonna take him specifically because you told me not to."

"Please don't. I'm sorry."

Quest added

[Bael-in-Law]

Objective: Seduce Sairaorg Bael

Reward: +25 CHA, [Lion Taming] Perk, [Devil Seducer] Perk, Rare Gacha Token

Game, I know he hits a lot of my boxes, but I'm messing with her. It's a joke. Plus, the rewards aren't worth the trouble at all. Is this your way of saying he's easy?

…

Quest failed.

So you can make funny jokes? Still not gonna help your case, buddy.

"Anyway, is this all you called me for?" I point at where Sairaorg walked off. "You wanted me to meet him?"

"Well, he wanted to meet you," Sona responds. "We spent a few hours catching up, and when you became the subject of the conversation, he asked if it was possible to meet you before he left."

"Touching," I say sarcastically. "I didn't know I had fans, though that should've been obvious. Have you met me? I should be worshiped."

"Yeah yeah…" Rias huffs.

"And what's up with blondie? She's pretty tough." I continue asking. What? I'm curious. "I was under the impression that Kings are always supposed to be the most powerful in the peerage."

"Not necessarily the case. Sai was born kind of weak for a Bael—not even inheriting the Power of Destruction." Sona explains. "He became this powerful through hard work alone."

"What was he born with, then?"

"Lion Taming."

I snort in amusement. Sounds so lame, but not as lame as Camel Taming.

"And his Queen?" I query. "What can the Abaddon clan do?"

"It's called 'Hole'. Very nifty power." Rias answers. "Basically boils down to portal creation."

Oh.

That sounds useful.

Very, very useful.

"That so…" I hum in interest, keeping it in mind. "Also, what was that about Young Devil Gathering?"

The two devils visibly deflate as I ask that. Rias groans, and her face falls flat on the table in front of her while Sona takes off her glasses to rub the bridge of her nose, looking equally distressed as the redhead.

Damn. That's a reaction, alright. They do not look forward to whatever that is at all.

"Is it something that bad?" I ask.

"Not… really." Sona sighs. "But we've completely forgotten about it. We should've been preparing for it months ago."

"So what is it then?"

"It's a festival that happens every decade, with all kinds of fun activities." Rias answers. "But the main draw of it is the Rating Game tournament."

"I see." I put a hand on my chin in thought. I still don't see what's bothering them. "So then, what's the issue here? You two are pretty powerful for devils your age, no? Should be a piece of cake."

"We might be, but we're severely lacking in our peerages." Sona shakes her head. "You need a full peerage at least to be able to actually compete."

"Is it some kind of rule?"

"Not really a rule, but it's practically required," The redhead adds. "Only the elite of the elite enter the tournament. It's not gonna be easy when we don't have full peerages."

"And while our earlier training helped, it's not nearly enough." Sona huffs. "We need to either complete our peerages or train what we have until they're powerful enough to face off against Ultimate-class threats individually."

Wow. So everyone in that tournament is stacked, unlike, say, Riser's glorified harem? That does sound really difficult. Very challenging if even their current teams aren't enough. But I'm still confused about one thing.

"Why care that much?" I ask. "You can just not enter the tournament. Enter the next decade or something."

"We can't. The age limit is from fifteen to twenty-five." Rias says. "And we're eighteen. This is our only chance."

Hmm, so they are older than me. I don't know why that's even remotely interesting, but it's certainly a fact.

"And what's so great about this tournament that it got you all like this?" I ask again, not very convinced.

"It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show the clan heads what you can do." The redhead answers me again. "And with the support of many, you gain a lot of political power."

Ah, I see. Makes sense.

"That's why you're all anxious about it too?" I glance at Sona. "I understand Rias since, y'know, she wants to be a champion, but you want to win as well?"

"Win? No. While I wouldn't mind winning, that's not my goal." Sona says. "I just want to avoid losing the first or second match. That is one of the worst and most humiliating things that could happen to a devil."

"And everyone there is going to be really tough," Rias complains. "I only have three members, excluding Gasper. I'm already at a massive disadvantage."

Right, the time-stopping bastard. The fucking dick would've made everything easier for me in Rias' Rating Game. Shitty discount Dio.

"You should drag that 'Gasper' boy out of his hole, then." I scold her harshly. "Selfish little shit didn't even bother helping you against Riser."

"I-I can't do that to him." She shuffles awkwardly. "He's already going through a lot–"

"And he's gonna go through more if you're so passive with him." I cut her off. "Enough is enough. Either do something about him or kick him out of your peerage."

"As much as I don't agree with Akane's harsh methods, she's right this time, Rias." Sona supports. "Gasper needs to stop hiding. You have to get him out of this depressed state of his."

"What about you, though?" I address the Sitri. "What are you gonna do about this?"

"Well…" She sighs deeply. "All I can do is train as much as I can, but I'm not sure if that's going to help very much. A month isn't a lot of time."

Right, I did notice that their growth started to slow down at the end of our training before the Rating Game against Riser. At that rate, they won't be able to make a lot of progress. It would help, of course, not denying that, but it won't be enough.

Assuming the other peerage is as strong as they're saying, of course. A tournament, though, huh? That sounds sort of fun. I wish humans had something like this. No, the Olympics and other sports don't count.

Quest added

[Non-Devil Champion] – Quest

Objective: Find a way to enter and win the tournament of the Young Devil Gathering

Rewards: 500 to all Stats, Tremendous EXP, 1 Epic Gacha Token, Massively increase affection for Rias Gremory and Sona Sitri, Massively increase reputation with devilkind, [Demon Champion] Title

If a quest for it exists, then somehow it must be possible. Five hundred to all stats-—or one thousand due to Rising Star—is an insane increase, and I want it. The 'Demon Champion' would look very pretty on my status page. I've already gotten sick of that stupid Undead Slayer title.

I gotta do this quest.

"Can I enter the tournament?" I ask, not expecting a positive answer. "Like, is there maybe a way I can temporarily join your peerage?"

Sona pauses for a moment, thinking about it a little. Wait, no way is it actually that easy, right?

"Well, it's not necessary to be part of a peerage to actually join a Rating Game. You just need to have a relative point value equivalent for the piece you're filling in for." She reveals, bringing my hopes up. "Which, honestly, is still difficult. You might be too powerful for any of my current pieces. Though the main problem is that you're a human who's technically part of an enemy faction, I doubt they'd allow you to enter."

Well, shit. Hopefully, the peace conference will happen before this tournament.

10 Affection with Sona Sitri [50/100]

"I do appreciate the thought, though." She smiles at me. "It means a lot to me."

I mean, I'm doing it for me, but sure.

"I can try convincing my brother?" Rias quips before grinning strangely. "But on the condition that you join me, not her."

"Appealing to nepotism like this is unbecoming of you." The Sitri frowns, readjusting her glasses. "You should be ashamed of yourself."

"Oh, come on, you have more members than me. Clearly, if Akane were to join, she should be with me." The redhead argues, her smirk not even faltering. "Or do you think she shouldn't join at all?"

"That's not what I said– i-it's simply against the law." She scoffs, a pinkish hue coloring her cheeks. "Besides, if it were to happen somehow, Akane would do better on my team. Our magic elements complement each other, and we've trained together longer."

I catch Rias' glance at me as she wiggles her eyebrows, making me put on a fake smirk. Ah, I see what she's doing. Clever—-I never thought she'd be as subtle about this sort of thing as she's being right now.

There are some affection points to be gained here, and as uncomfortable as this makes me, I'm going to have to do this. Fuck.

For fuck's sake, Rias. Stop trying to play matchmaker. You dumb, clever whore. I do these types of things on my own terms, and I don't need your help with it.

Damn it.

"So what you're saying is that you want Akane?" Rias says, intentionally phrasing her sentence that way as I approach Sona. "If there weren't any laws forbidding it."

Seemingly having just caught up on what Rias is trying to do, Sona's face burns bright red, but surprising us both, she doubles down on it, not noticing me standing behind her. Well, here goes…

"So what if I do?" She crosses her arms, trying but failing to look confident. "I would feel a lot better if I had someone as reliable as her on my side."

Sona freezes completely as she feels me wrapping my arms around her neck from behind her chair, leaning forward until my breasts are touching her neck. I can almost see steam coming out of her ears at this tiny act, which is a bit hilarious, admittedly. Still don't like doing it though.

"Aw, I didn't know you felt that way towards me, Senpai." I purr, hugging her tightly. "It makes me so happy to hear that, y'know?"

"W-what do you think you're doing?!" Sona exclaims but does nothing to push me off. "Y-you're too close…"

Damn, she's fallen for me that hard already? High charisma really is the way to go.

"What's a hug between friends, Sona?" Rias assists me, looking at us with a wide grin.

"Exactly. I just want to show some affection to my good friend~" I fake a giggle, carefully hiding my disgust as I lean closer to whisper in her ears. "Unless you were hoping for more than a hug?"

Sona visibly shudders, nearly flinching, when she slowly turns to look at me, only now realizing just how close our faces are. She's completely frozen, like a deer caught in headlights, but she doesn't attempt to push me off in any way.

She even closes her eyes as if she is preparing for a kiss. I can do it right now and probably gain a lot of affection points, possibly maxing it out, but even when I try to seal the deal, my hesitation is real and prevents me from kissing her.

I can't do this. I haven't prepared myself to do something like that; I can't force it even if I tried.

That was when the bell rang, making me back away immediately. Oh, thank god.

"Oops, I guess we're out of time for now," I say, keeping a confident and sultry facade. "Too bad~ Hopefully, next time, though, when there isn't any audience around."

25 Affection with Sona Sitri [75/100]

Annoying.

I give the blushing Rias a glance.

"A-ah, yeah, haha…" She blinks, muttering the next part to herself. "I, uh, didn't expect it to go this far…"

This is your fault, you stupid bitch.

"S-stop messing around and go to your class already!" Sona scowls, her face still red from embarrassment. "You and your stupid jokes."

"Gladly~" I wink at her before leaving the student council room.

Once I'm a reasonable distance away from them, I feel a horrible chill go down my spine. Fuck me, it's gonna suck whenever I try to commit to it. I really don't want to do it, but I fucked myself over by choosing this route with Sona.

I look at those aphrodisiac pills I have in my inventory, and my frown deepens. Whenever the time calls for it, I hope these things help because if I have to do it, I want to enjoy it at the very least.

Fuck.

– Ichiban –

"Where'd your good mood from earlier go?" He asked as they walked out of the school gate side by side. "You look like you're about to kill someone."

"Mhm…"

No quip or snarky response? Damn, what happened in the student council room? She'd been like this since coming back for whatever reason, and Ichi stayed the hell away from her until he felt like she was in a slightly better mood. She did look a bit uncomfortable on top of being annoyed.

He was extremely glad he didn't touch her food. He was tempted because she'd annoyed him, but Ichi knew now that he wouldn't have survived her wrath if he had done it. She would've probably rammed an icicle up his ass. Bullet dodged.

"Seriously, what's wrong?" He asked again, a little concerned. "What did they tell you? Is it something bad?"

"I just kinda remembered something that pissed me off. That's all." She said, obviously lying. "Honestly, I'd rather not talk about it."

"Alright." He nodded, getting the message. He pulled his vape out of his jacket pocket and offered it to her. "So we're going training, yeah?"

"I already told you yes." She huffed, snatching the vape. "And stop buying this stupid shit. Cigs aren't all that expensive."

"I can recharge this, and I'm not made of money like you." He countered, making her scoff. "Oookaaay, you're being a little bitchier than usual."

Must've been something serious. Maybe he should try to lessen the blow of whatever they told her, but he wasn't sure what to do about it. Ichi tried to come up with something that could brighten her mood since talking about it wasn't an option.

It was hard, of course, seeing that he didn't exactly know what got her so pissy, but wanting to be a good friend, he still tried to think of something. Very few things could get her smiling if inflicting pain or misfortune upon others wasn't an option. Damned sadist.

And it wasn't like they had a lot of time on their hands to go to the arcade or watch a movie at the theater, so there were barely any worthy options. Luckily, his eyes spotted a particular store Akane was a massive fan of. Perfect.

"Say, why not stop by for some dessert?" He pointed at the store. "We can have that chocolate cake you love so much."

Akane paused as a puff of smoke left her mouth. But before she could actually give him her response, he took her by the arm and led her to the store. Ichiban didn't want to give her an opportunity to possibly refuse and remain pissed the entire time.

Because a pissed Akane would very likely take out her frustrations on him while training. He was doing himself a favor by calming her down, because, Balance Breaker or not, she still fucking scared him.

"Hey– what the hell are you– Let go of me!" She scowled.

"Too bad; I already decided that I want it." He gave her a grin. "My treat."

Her angry look faltered as she had seemingly given up on resisting and followed him to the store. Good, she'd accepted her fate. She would have the damned cake, she would be happy about it, and his testicles would be safe from being frozen.

Genius plan.

"Welcome!" The lady behind the counter smiled at them politely. "What can I get for you today?"

"Premium chocolate cake please." He said, pointing at one in the display, not realizing that he was still holding Akane's hand. "This one."

"Ah, of course." The lady nodded. "That'll be 50,000 Yen."

Ichiban could've sworn he heard his wallet crying, and he almost cried himself. Why the fuck was a cake that expensive? Oh well, he couldn't be backing down now. Burning 50k was more than worth saving his hide.

To his surprise—and mild annoyance—Akane got in front of him and took out her wallet. However, Ichi acted quickly and moved her out of the way, immediately taking the money out of his pocket and giving it to the lady.

"What the–"

"Here!"

"Thank you for your patronage!" She said as she took his money.

"What the hell are you doing? I was willing to pay." Akane whispered to him with a frown.

"Nuh-uh. Not happening. I already said it was my treat." He responded.

"You're barely scraping by as it is."

"Don't care." He effortlessly deflected her argument. "A real man doesn't go back on his words."

"You're a fucking moron."

"I think we pretty much established that ages ago."

That somehow managed to shut her up and, to his relief, got her to crack a smile. That meant his plan was working very well; however, Ichiban forgot how beautiful this genuine smile of hers was because of how rare it was.

And it might've made him blush a little.

Thankfully, the clerk was here to save him, handing him a bag with the cake inside. Ichiban quickly took it and led Akane outside, waving at the lady.

"Here, now you can eat this when you're home." He said, giving Akane the bag. "Hopefully, it'll get you to stop being all mad about nothing."

"So that's what you've been doing?" Akane giggled, punching his arm playfully. "You sly dog. I knew you were trying to seduce me! Doing a really good job at it, too."

"Oh please, get over yourself." He rolled his eyes, still grinning. "I'm just smart enough to know that training with you when you're in a bad mood is a death sentence."

"Well, I definitely feel better, so mission accomplished." She shrugged, taking the bag and giving him back his vape. "Here, take your stupid vape back. You should feel happy that I use it—-lots of indirect kisses~"

"I don't believe in that stuff." He snorted. "It's pretty stupid, this 'indirect kiss' thing. You either kiss or you don't."

"So that's why you're fine with me using it." She hummed and squeezed his hand, reminding him that they were still hand holding. "How about we kiss for real, then? After what you just did, I feel like paying you back~"

Ichiban shivered because, unlike lots of other times, her tone when she said that sounded very sultry like she meant it. And the almost seductive stare she was giving him wasn't doing him any favors.

But he knew better. It was another ploy to mess with him—which, in hindsight, meant she really was in a better mood—and he wasn't about to fall for it again. Ichi'd had it happen to him so many times that he wouldn't let her have her way with him this time.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm sure you do." He said, pulling his hand away from her. "But no thanks. I'm good on that."

"Really?" She blinked in genuine surprise, which surprised him. "That's... disappointing. Oh well, your loss."

…She wasn't being serious, was she? Because if he, an inexperienced virgin, really did miss the chance of kissing his supremely hot best friend, he would cry himself to sleep for the next ten weeks. No, he didn't miss it—-he straight up fucking dodged it.

No, don't fall for it. He shook those thoughts out of his head. That's what she wants you to think. For the sole purpose of tormenting you. The bitch.

You idiot.

Silence, Gecko.

Before they could get into an argument inside his head, two unexpected people approached them. Akane and Ichi both blinked as Xenovia and Irina stepped up to them, with the former leading the latter.

"Good evening." Xenovia started politely, looking at Akane. "I'd like to ask you for a favor."

"Bit abrupt, but sure." Akane nodded. Ichiban internally agreed. That was abrupt. "What is it?"

"Irina and I would like to stay here for at least one more month." She said bluntly, then, after a moment of hesitation, Xenovia bowed. "And we'd like to train with you."

"Huh?" His best friend frowned. "Why? Don't you have masters or teachers back in the church?"

"We do, but we feel like we'd be able to learn something different while here," Irina said. "You guys basically did all the work with Father David while we weren't able to do that much. We want to be as powerful as you."

"If we had been strong enough, perhaps Father David would still be alive." The blue-haired girl muttered, very clearly distraught at the loss of their leader. "I… don't want to let something like this happen again."

Akane didn't give them an answer, still in thought, as she weighed her options. Ichi personally didn't see why not—more training partners equaled more opportunity to grow, right? It wasn't like they were gonna lose anything by training with them.

"...Please," Xenovia begged, still bowing. "We've failed our mission—the Excalibur Pieces are nowhere to be seen, and we lost our leader… I can't return to the church empty-handed like this. I can't live with such shame. I know I haven't been the most respectful, but please find it within your heart to let us train with you. We'll do anything you want."

Akane's expression didn't change for a moment; she was still blankly staring at the two girls bowing to her. Ichiban didn't know what to do or say in this situation, but he trusted his best friend's judgment and remained quiet.

He'd prefer it if she let them stay here for a while, but he wouldn't argue with her decision. She had proven more than once that she knew what was best for them whenever it came to objectivity. If she refused, then so be it.

After a tense moment of pure silence, Akane gave her response.

"I better see you in the same place we had our duel." She said.

Xenovia looked up at her with a surprised and hopeful expression, as did Irina.

"D-does that mean you–"

"You have fifteen minutes." Akane cut her off as she walked past the two girls.

Ichiban smiled and caught up with her. He didn't comment on her decision, but internally, he was glad that she gave them a chance to improve alongside them. That was nice of her. Honestly, it made Ichi pretty excited—-they weren't particularly powerful, but they had sick swords.

And the more, the merrier. You couldn't have too many sparring partners, after all.


– Xenovia –

Treading through the bushes and trees surrounding the clearing, the two novice exorcists stopped at what they saw. It was Akane and the Red Dragon Emperor sparring, from the looks of it, with no weapons or magic in sight.

It was pure hand-to-hand, and to their surprise, the boy was on the back foot, having to block and evade her strikes even though he had his Sacred Gear activated if the red gauntlet was anything to go by. So not only was she good with blades and magic, but also fists as well?

They weren't the only people there, though; near them were three spectators. A woman with black hair that faded to white and black eyes that looked a bit like Akane's, a boy with brown hair and brown eyes, and a blond girl whom Xenovia recognized. It was that banished nun, the one that had Twilight Healing. Right, she saw her after the battle with Kokabiel. She'd healed their wounds and even prayed for David.

Why would the church exile a girl like her? She didn't know what she did, but Asia didn't strike her as a person who would do something so blasphemous that they'd banish her for it. How strange. She was glad that the girl was in good hands, though.

"Wow…" Irina breathed, watching the fight. "They're so fast."

It was true. Akane and her friend were so fast that the two exorcists could barely even keep up. Their strikes would cause powerful shockwaves that could be felt for miles. What truly impressed her, though, was the fact that the Tojo Heiress, a girl without a Sacred Gear, was matching the Red Dragon Emperor blow for blow.

In fact, she had the upper hand without using any of her absurdly powerful magic. How could someone so young be so powerful? What was her secret, and how could Xenovia be like that? It excited the swordswoman—this was a challenge she wanted to overcome.

"Hm?" The old woman with black hair glanced at the two. "Ah, you two. Akane told me about you. You're here to train as well, right?"

"Yes," Xenovia answered simply. "Who are you?"

"X-Xenovia…" Irina sighed in exasperation at her bluntness.

"Oh, right, I haven't introduced myself. I'm Mizuki." She said, pointing in Akane's general direction. "I'm Akane's mother. Nice to meet you!"

"You're Akane's mother?" Xenovia immediately bowed in respect, taking her hand to shake it. "It's my honor to meet you, madam."

"Er, yeah, sure." Madam Mizuki blinked. "Anyway, this is Asia Argento and the boy is Issei Hyoudou."

"Issei Hyoudou?" Irina parroted, looking at the boy. "You're Issei?!"

The boy, called Issei, flinched.

"Um, yes? You know me?"

"It really is you!" Irina ran up to him, taking both of his hands. "It's me, Irina! We've known each other since we were kids!"

"I'm… I'm not sure I–" Issei started, but then something clicked. "Wait, what?! That was you?!"

"Yes!" She beamed at him. "I'm so happy that you remembered!"

"But I thought you were a guy!"

"No way, that's silly!" Her partner giggled. "Wow, you've grown so much since the last time we saw each other."

"Um, yeah. I guess it's been years." Issei blushed. "Y-you've, um, grown a lot too…"

…Xenovia didn't know what she was witnessing, but she thought it was disgusting, and she hated it.

"So you know each other already?" Mizuki crossed her arms, looking at them with a smile. "That's cute. I guess you two will be paired together, then."

"Paired?" Xenovia glanced at the older woman.

"Correct. Irina here will be training with Issei." She pointed at Xenovia. "And you will be training with Akane."

The blue-haired girl perked up at that. That sounded very nice to her. But it left her with one more question.

"What about the Red Dragon Emperor?" She asked.

"Oh, Icchan? He's training with that big guy over there." She nodded at the very large man on the other side of the clearing. Since when was he there? "He's just warming up at the moment. They should be done right about now."

Just on cue, 'Icchan' managed to turn the tide and overwhelm Akane as his gauntlet shouted Boost for the second time since Xenovia and Irina had arrived. The black-haired girl was barely keeping up anymore, but she was doing very well, considering the massive difference in strength.

This fight probably wouldn't have been anywhere near as one-sided if she had used her magic, but Xenovia assumed that it was part of the rules or something along those lines. It was very obviously frustrating for Akane, though, if her scowl was anything to go by.

However, to everyone's surprise, she did manage to land a devastating blow on Icchan's face that was far more powerful than it had any right to be, sending him directly downward and force-feeding him dirt.

A strange white aura flickered around Akane before vanishing, leaving her panting in exhaustion. She wiped the sweat off her forehead before grinning victoriously as Icchan got up, nursing his nose in pain.

"Hoh, using Touki, eh?" Mizuki rubbed her chin. "It's technically not magic…"

Touki? Xenovia felt like she'd heard of it before but wasn't sure.

"What the fuck was that?" He complained, wincing slightly. "Holy shit, you hit hard. Ow…"

"Get fucked." She chuckled after taking a deep breath. "You and your shitty Boosted Gear."

"Alright, you two, that's enough for now," Mizuki called out to them as Asia approached the two. "You've both done really well, but Saejima is here now."

"Finally, whew." The Red Dragon Emperor fell back down. "Feels like we've been fighting for hours."

"You barely look tired." Akane scoffed playfully as the blonde sat next to her, healing her wounds. "Lots of stamina after all those days of training, huh, Ichiban?"

"Having something like this seriously helps." He waves his armored arm. "Guess I'm lucky to have been born with it."

As Asia finished healing the both of them, the two stood back up. Ichiban stayed where he was, but Akane walked toward them. She paused as she saw Xenovia and Irina, looking them up and down before speaking.

"So you did show up."

"I will not waste this opportunity," Xenovia said. "Thank you for giving me this chance."

"We'll see." She snorted. "You better be ready. We're gonna go after them, and I'm not gonna hold back on you like last time."

"I won't disappoint."

The large man named Saejima then approached the Red Dragon Emperor, who bowed deeply in respect.

"I'll be in your care, Saejima-san!" Ichiban said. "Please don't hold back for my sake."

Saejima nodded.

"Release your Balance Breaker." He ordered. "Attack me with everythin' you've got."

"Yes, sir!"

The younger boy took a deep breath, and his power suddenly exploded. A pillar of crimson energy enveloped him, and once it was dispersed, his gauntlet was nowhere to be seen, instead replaced with a flowing red cape.

This is the Boosted Gear's Balance Breaker? Xenovia thought in awe. Incredible. This power is insane.

"That's pretty powerful. Wow." Mizuki said, impressed. "I understand how you were able to beat Kokabiel with this. This power is no joke. As expected from Icchan!"

Akane said nothing, watching the two combatants intently.

"Here I come, Saejima-san!"

A small smile made its way onto Saejima's face, but that was about it. He showed no other reaction to the massive power in front of him.

"Bring it."

And in the next instant, Ichiban vanished, moving far faster than Xenovia could keep up with. One second, he was in a fighting stance; the other, he was right in front of Saejima with his fist extended.

What was more shocking was the fact that Saejima caught the punch.

"What?" Ichiban's eyes widened.

"Good shot." His opponent complimented him.

Ichiban hissed and backed away before trying again, disappearing and reappearing behind the larger man. Once again, Saejima evaded his blows by either moving out of the way or blocking his attack.

Both men had focused expressions, with the younger one staying on the offensive by throwing all manner of attacks. His power was continuously increasing as the fight went on, yet he was still unable to land a hit.

And so far, Saejima did not attack back. He'd catch a punch, block a kick, and avoid whatever was thrown at him, but he wasn't fighting back, as if he was gauging his foe's level of strength.

This was beyond impressive for Xenovia. She didn't know people like this existed outside the church. It was incredible—she didn't even know who this 'Saejima' was or where he came from, but he was certainly very powerful.

Amazing. She thought. Can I truly become this powerful as well?

She stole a glance at Akane, who still didn't show any outward reaction, focusing very hard on the fight.

Finally, after some time, Ichiban managed to land a hit, punching Saejima square in the face after throwing a feint. The large man took several steps back; his head held up before he lowered his gaze to the grinning boy.

"Gotcha," Ichiban said with a smirk.

The older man snorted in amusement.

"Yer not half bad, kid," Saejima responded. "But yer not there yet. Still green. There's a lot to be learned."

He rolled his neck and tweaked his stance.

"I'll fight ya for real now." He said. "Come at me!"

"Y-yes, sir!"

Ichiban charged forward once more–

Only to be met with a fist to the gut.

The Red Dragon Emperor coughed, his eyes nearly bulging out of his skull as he held his stomach in agony. He tried to breathe but couldn't, taking one, two, and then a third step forward before falling to the ground, his cape and power vanishing as he lost consciousness.

Everyone, even Akane, was in complete shock. One hit? That's all it took to knock out someone that powerful?

"H-holy shit…" Issei muttered, equally baffled as everyone else.

"Easy on the boy, Saejima!" Mizuki screamed at him. "What the fuck was that about?!"

This training…

It was going to be really difficult, wasn't it?
I just finished Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth not long ago, and, yup, another RGG Studios banger. Peak fiction
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Lazeruis, jlk and 191 others
Mirlnir
Feb 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 36: Programmer's Best Friend
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Mar 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#663
Edited by: Priapus, Old man of the mountain, Marethyu, Immortal Spank


– Ichiban –

He slowly opened his eyes, wincing and quietly groaning from the sharp pain in his stomach, eventually adjusting his sight to the surroundings. He was in a familiar place—the living room inside the facility, lying on the couch facing a TV.

This felt familiar…

Ichiban quickly recalled what happened prior, grimacing at the phantom pain from that horrible gut punch he suffered in his spar with Saejima. Had he seriously fucking passed out after a single hit? Really?

In front of a lot of people, too. God, that was just humiliating. Yes, Ichi realized that he had been the one to tell Saejima not to hold back but to go all out, like that was a bit too much, right? At the very least, he could have made it look like an actual fight.

Honestly, Ichi thought he was doing something when the fight started. He was slowly but surely pushing the Tiger back, even doing some kind of damage to him. Then he struck back, and the match ended instantly.

What the fuck was that all about? Well, it should've been obvious in hindsight. Saejima was a yakuza legend, on the same level as Kazuma Kiryu and Akane's dad. Of course, he was going to be powerful.

But to think, not even his Subspecies Balance Breaker, the one both Akane and Sona hyped up to be this really powerful and unique thing, stood a chance against him…. either Ichiban was too weak, or Saejima was just way above his league.

This sucks. Ichiban thought. Just when I thought I was strong.

There's always a bigger fish, partner. Ddraig said, being the reasonable one. And you're still a hatchling. You have much to learn.

That was true. He had only gotten his Sacred Gear a month ago, and Saejima was what, in his fifties? Then again, Kokabiel was probably thousands of years old, so age wasn't that much of a factor if he was being honest.

Oh well. No point in whining. Might as well just keep training.

"Took you long enough." His best friend suddenly said, irritating him further. Ugh, she was here. Of course, she was. "What? Did it hurt that bad? Do you want me to kiss it better for you?"

"Shut up." He said, not moving his head away from the slightly cold but very comfortable pillow. Its softness made him not want to get up. "It's actually painful, y'know. Way worse than anything Kokabiel did."

"Wimp." She said with a snort.

Ichiban's right eye twitched in annoyance, looking around for this arrogant bitch to address her properly, only to freeze as he glanced up, seeing her look down at him with her usual smirk. Well, he assumed she was smirking. He couldn't tell because her breasts were in the way.

He took a moment to process his position, moving his arm to touch the 'pillow' his head was on while still keeping eye contact, wanting to make sure he was not imagining things.

It was a bit cool, smooth, and very soft. Too soft. In fact, it was not even a pillow. No pillow could ever feel this heavenly, after all. His hand would almost sink in every time he'd squish it. It felt out of this world.

Akane blinked and raised a brow as he continued squishing it, looking very amused while he slowly but surely fully comprehended the situation. Ichiban's face burned before he got up, saying nothing but glancing at his best friend in a mixture of shock, embarrassment, and immense gratitude for being so gracious as to grant him the fabled Lap Pillow.

And to top it all off, she was wearing shorts. He didn't feel it through the fabric. It was pure skin-to-skin contact.

"Good evening." She said with a tone that almost made him shiver.

"Evening…" He responded quietly.

He said nothing else. All the words he wanted to say earlier vanished from his head—the sudden shift in this atmosphere was too much for him. He didn't know if this was part of her 'fuck with Ichiban' routine, but it certainly felt different. It was as if she got a lot more aggressive than usual.

First, being offered a kiss, and now this? This was beginning to genuinely scare him. She was adapting too fast, and now he didn't know what the hell he should be doing to get back at her. What other malicious and sadistic plans did she have for him?

This woman was dangerous beyond her physical and magical might.

"You can lie back down if you want." She offered, patting her lap.

Terrifying.

"I-I uh, I'm good, actually." He cleared his throat, then changed the subject. "Where's everyone?"

"They already left a while ago." She said, before answering his unasked question. "You were out for a bit over three hours."

Three hours?! Just how bad was that punch? Not even getting his ass handed to him by a cadre knocked him out for that long.

"Damn..." He scratched his cheek.

"Yeah, jokes aside, that was a bad hit. You were out the entire training session," Akane said, then grinned in amusement. "Kaa-san was scolding Saejima too. Was hilarious. You seriously missed out on a lot."

That sucked. Wasting a whole day by being out cold wasn't great.

"Right…" He rubbed the back of his neck, glancing at her. "So why are you still here? Shouldn't you be back home?"

"I'll spend the night here since it's Friday." Akane shrugged. "That's why I have some of my stuff here with me."

She gestured at the slightly cracked laptop on the other side of the couch as well as the black hoodie she wore. He was consciously ignoring the slightly unzipped portion showing her cleavage, knowing for sure that this was one of her games.

Being her friend as a straight guy was painful.

Ichiban rubbed his eyes and leaned back on the couch, letting out a frustrated sigh.

"What's wrong?" Akane asked, most of her attention on the laptop. "You alright?"

"Missing out on the training I was looking forward to sucks ass," Ichiban said. "I barely did anything."

"Didn't you, though? You still sparred with him, after all."

"He KO'd me in one hit." He clicked his tongue. Weakness was frustrating, he thought. "Fuck kinda spar is that?"

Akane paused for a moment.

"Fair enough, I guess." She said. "If it's any consolation, the devils will be coming over soon to train the whole night for some tournament. They'd probably be happy if you helped them out."

"A tournament?" Ichi frowned in confusion. "What do you mean?"

"Yeah, apparently, a big Rating Game tournament is happening in the underworld soon." His best friend answered, tapping away at the keyboard. "Rias and Sona are gonna enter it, so they want to prepare."

Wow, a Rating Game tournament? That sounded very interesting. However, if the already-powerful devils wanted to get ready for something like that, then it had to be something serious. Ichi honestly couldn't see them losing to other peers. That competition couldn't be a joke.

"Tournament, huh?" He muttered. "Must be fun."

"Yup. Too bad we can't join." Akane shrugged. "I mean, if we could, we'd crush them all effortlessly, so maybe it's for the best."

"Heh." Ichiban mirrored her smirk, as confident as hers. "Imagine the looks on their faces, though. Four random humans winning a devil tournament."

"I would pay millions to see that, believe me."

Ichi snorted and rolled his eyes but said nothing, letting the conversation die there as comfortable silence befell the two. The taps of the keyboard filled the room as he glanced at the screen, not making any sense of what she was doing.

Then his eyes trailed down to her supple thighs, the regret of not accepting her offer creeping up to him. Why did he say no? Thinking about it more, he realized he was stupid. So what if she was going to tease him about it? It would still be worth it.

He shook those thoughts out of his head. No, that's exactly what she wanted him to think. If he accepted, she'd probably do something so cruel that he'd lament it for the rest of his life.

I won't fall for it. He thought, still staring. … I should probably stop thinking about it, though.

His eyes went back to the screen, becoming more and more curious. The whole 'hacking the government' thing was a joke, but what was she doing anyway? She never actually answered him the last time he asked. He didn't know she was even into this kind of stuff.

There was also the armor thing she wore against Kokabiel, and Ichiban never really got the chance to ask her about it. It was an emergency, and afterward, he had completely forgotten about it. Where did she get that stuff?

Honestly, thinking about it more, Akane kind of had a lot of… secrets? He wasn't sure if that word was appropriate since he'd probably get his answers if he just asked, but it was still pretty weird how she suddenly could do specific stuff. It was an odd quirk, for sure. Like what she was doing right now. Since when was she capable of programming? She's never done it or even mentioned it before.

Speaking of, holy shit, she typed inhumanly fast. If he were a regular guy, her fingers would be a blur from how fast they were moving. The poor thing looked like it was barely keeping up with her, and he wished he was making this up.

Yes, he was fully aware that they were far beyond superhuman in terms of speed, dexterity, and reflexes at this point, but seeing such power applied to basic things was still wild to him. Weirdly enough, it felt more impressive than when they were fighting.

"So, what are you doing anyway?" He asked after a while. "You haven't told me much."

"Ha–"

"The joke's gotten old."

"Eh, yeah, you're right."

"For real, what's this about?"

"It's a surprise." She answered vaguely. "You'll have to wait until I'm done with it."

"Yeah, but what's 'it' exactly?"

Akane merely shrugged, refusing to tell him.

"Come on, you gotta tell me." He insisted. "I promise I won't tell anyone."

"Hmm… Nah."

"Is it related to that weird armor you wore?" He asked. "Because that didn't look magical. Awesome work, by the way."

"Who knows." She coolly deflected.

She was pretty adamant about this. Well, so was Ichiban, but he was just curious.

"Can I at least get a hint?"

Akane paused and thought about it a bit, eventually giving him an answer.

"It's really, really cool."

Well, that didn't fucking help.

Before he could press for more, however, he sensed the devils arriving. Right, their tournament. That was good; he could try to make up for the time he lost after being out cold. And he hadn't talked with Koneko in a bit, so he was looking forward to it.

"They're here. Run along now, unless you wanna lie back down." Akane said, gesturing at her lap.

"You're not coming?" He asked her, ignoring her offer again, as much as it hurt his heart.

"I've had enough training for today," She said, referring to her laptop. "And I have other work to worry about."

"Right," Ichiban replied, getting up from the couch. "See you in a few hours, then."

She responded with a wave, prompting him to leave the living room to meet up with his devil friends. It probably wasn't a good idea to train with an empty stomach, now that he thought about it.

But it'd still be a lot better than possibly vomiting out everything he ate because someone hit him in the gut a little too hard.


– Akane –

Seeing the duel between Ichi and Saejima made me realize that I might've gotten a little power high after the many stats and perks I got from killing Kokabiel, and honestly? I'm grateful for this mini wake-up call. It reminded me that I swore to never be caught off guard again, and while to my credit, I am making amazing progress across most projects, it's still not enough.

After their duel, everything continued like normal. I didn't hold back on Xenovia and promptly destroyed her, 'accidentally' knocking her out, then had my mother teach me new nifty things.

Like this secret technique called "Flux Fissure" that can do a lot of damage. You gather ki in your fist and release it as soon as you hit someone, sending a shockwave rippling through them. It explains why my mother's open-palm strikes hurt so much.

And while it's a fantastic skill, it can only be used while Touki is activated, meaning it's practically unusable for me considering the massive drain the initial skill has. I'll eventually get a handle on it, though. I either get a ki control mastery skill or increase my END more and more.

Still, even with this new move, I just couldn't stop thinking about Ichi's duel. The fact that there are still people who are capable of literally one-shotting an undamaged Ichiban in his balance breaker made me realize that, no, resting isn't an option here. I need to make even more progress, learn as much as I can, and improve as fast as possible.

Because if Saejima was strong enough to do that, then he was probably more than strong enough to beat Kokabiel in literal seconds. Sounds great, considering he's on my side until you remember that there were individuals capable of somehow holding that son of a bitch back.

And those individuals are enemies.

I can't possibly relax with this information, seeing that those same people want to kidnap me. I thought my current growth was fast enough to make me able to comfortably handle the next threat, but that's not true. If the Amon wanted to kidnap me, then they would've easily done so in the battle against Kokabiel. They didn't, and I don't know why.

I need to grow, learn everything I can from my mother, farm as many quests as I can, and most importantly, actually fucking use Devour.

I've put it off because I can't expect to use it casually in front of the people around me. I had plans to go around that, yes, but now I can't delay it any further. While still risky, it's the fastest way I can grow stronger.

Of course, Saejima wasn't that strong in his base. I noticed that he actually released his Sacred Gear for a split second, feeling his power just soaring out of the fucking stratosphere, but this was still insane because he did that without his Balance Breaker. He beat an Ichi who was manhandling Kokabiel with a single hit.

Regardless, I have to accelerate the advancement of the Super AI and concealing tech. Get it to a level where I can leave Kuoh without anyone knowing. I don't feel safe anymore, not even around the yakuza.

So that's what I've been doing, putting all my focus on my tech and hoping that I'd get it done before they attack again. Thankfully, I can kind of predict when they're going to attack. Probably while the conference invasion by the… Khaos Brigade(?) is going on. I should probably work on new armor as well, but that's a lower priority. First cloaking tech, then power armor.

At my current pace, I should be done with the former before the invasion. Unless the peace conference is happening, like tomorrow or something. Even still, while I haven't started on the cloaking tech yet, I'm practically done with the AI itself. I've been letting it absorb as much info as possible from the internet for a few hours now.

And now I can test it for real.

I activate it and type in the first-ever command, wanting to test its current intelligence by ordering it to find a name for itself because I'm bad at naming things. I intentionally gave it a broad order, of course. I want to see how good its independence is.

I'm not expecting something that impressive, of course. I did accelerate my plans a bit, so I haven't finished the AI itself. However, what I've focused on improving is its adaptability and capability to learn things by itself. Letting it scour the vast internet probably helped a lot.

Or it ended up breaking it because it's the internet.

I wait for it as one, two, and three minutes pass. Letter by letter, it begins constructing an answer, eventually ending up with…

"Nemesis…?" I whisper with a frown. "Bizarre name. Honestly, I wasn't expecting something that sounded evil."

To my absolute amazement, the AI answered me before I even typed in to tell me its reasoning, which was astonishing because I don't remember ever giving it access to the laptop's microphone. There wasn't even a pop-up…

"ANALYZING THIS MACHINE'S SEARCH HISTORY, I'VE COME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT DESIGNATION "NEMESIS" APPEARED FITTING."

I look at it in genuine shock, not sure how to respond. How did it hear me? And did it actually go through my search history to use a name that I might find cool? If that's the case, then, first of all, wow, I outdid myself with this one.

Second, is this bitch calling me edgy?

"You can hear me?" I ask, more interested in knowing what it can do than scolding it.

"AFFIRMATIVE." It answers vocally through the speakers. "I AM CAPABLE OF USING ALL FUNCTIONS OF THIS DEVICE."

Holy shit.

"Hm?" Lucifer blinks, the robotic voice getting his attention. "What was that?"

"YOUR HAIR LOOKS BEAUTIFUL, MISTRESS." It randomly compliments, showing that yes, it's not exaggerating.

It can do everything.

Holy shit.

"Did the device talk to you?" The Devil God questions, approaching the laptop with newfound interest. "Ah, so this was the 'Aay Eye' you've been working on? 'Artificial Intelligence' you called it? Fascinating."

I ignore Lucifer for a bit and continue testing it.

"What's your current task, Nemesis?"

"TO PROTECT AND SERVE MY MISTRESS," It says. "AKANE AMAMIYA."

I almost squeal in joy at the unexpected success of the project. I knew it would work, but I didn't think it would work this well. Holy shit, I have my own AI assistant that I made. This is incredible.

Probably my ego talking, but I also really like being called a 'Mistress'. I didn't even tell it to do that.

I could do without the edgy name, but you know what? Fuck it. I'm not gonna pretend that it doesn't sound cool. I don't care if it sounds childish. This is my own thing that nobody is gonna know about anyway. Besides, with how people or things are named in this world, it'll start to sound intimidating once I make it intimidating.

As I'm about to give it a new task to test its intelligence some more, the door opens up, and in walks Rias, Sona, and their queens, all in comfortable wear, having finished with their showers. I notice that most didn't come in, and I chalk it off as them going to bed, seeing how late it is.

Quickly, I give Nemesis the order to transfer itself to my plugged phone if it can.

It's smart enough not to give a verbal response and obey quietly, actually doing what it's told. Lucifer also vanishes once Koneko enters, reminding me that yes, she's a Senjutsu user, and being around her is dangerous.

Right, this girl is kind of a problem. Not only is she a nuisance to Luci, but she's getting a tad too close to Ichiban, and I don't think it's a good idea if I let it happen, not when I have him wrapped around my fingers. He belongs to me.

Still, I can't bring myself to care right now because, holy shit, my AI is smart. It can only go up from there as it keeps learning more and more, adapting to whatever technological threat might come our way.

It was always going to be intelligent, of course, but I didn't expect this level when I've only just activated it. It blew all my expectations out of the water just like that. Is this what being a proud mother feels like?

My phone vibrates, prompting me to check the notification.

"TRANSFER COMPLETE."

…I think I should tell it to chill on the caps lock. It's an eyesore.

"Took you girls long enough," I say, glancing at the rising sun. I should probably go to bed soon. "I'm also very pissed at you for taking this shit way more seriously than your Rating Game against Riser."

Rias flinches.

"Hehe…" She scratches her cheek as her Queen giggles in amusement. "I mean, I won, and that's all that matters?"

"Yeah, you better be grateful you won." I snort. "I would've beaten you senseless if you wasted all my effort."

"Why are you always so mean to me?" The redhead groans. "I already admitted you were right. What more do you want?"

"Stop moaning," I respond. "Now get over here and brush my hair."

"Yes, ma'am!" She says eagerly, her attitude doing a complete 180.

She might be annoying, but she's also very easy. I get the feeling that she intends to impress me for some reason, which would be expected. I put this image of me in her head, so I'm willing to use that to my advantage. Ichiban is fun and all, but I can always use another servant for different kinds of tasks.

Speaking of…

"Where's Ichi by the way?" I ask Sona as Rias picks up the brush off the table, sitting behind me. "Or the rest. They went to bed?"

Weird. Ichi just woke up from an involuntary nap. I didn't think he'd sleep so soon.

"Yes, most were too tired to bother." Sona answers, readjusting her glasses. "Though, as for Kasuga, well…"

"He's a guy, so he can't be here." Rias continues for her. "It's girls only tonight. Er, well, morning. You get the idea."

"And who decided that?" I blink.

"I did." The redhead says simply.

"Right…" She can be a bit assertive sometimes. It is annoying but slightly respectable, I'll admit. "Well, you girls have fun. I'm a bit tired too, so I'm going to call it a day soon."

"What? No, you have to stay up." Rias says. "We haven't hung out in a long time, if at all. Most of the time, it's about discussing important and boring things."

"Too bad."

"Aw, come on, please?" She hugs me from behind, wrapping her arms around my neck. "At least an hour?"

Quest added

[Girls Only!] – Quest

Objective: Spend some time with the devils

Rewards: +25 CHA, Slightly increase affection with Rias and Sona, slightly increase reputation with Tsubaki and Akeno

…Why?

God, I hate you so much.

"...Fine." I sigh.

"Yes!" Rias celebrates by tightening her embrace, nearly choking me out. "Oh, we're gonna have so much fun!"

Kill me.


– Sona –

She should've gone to sleep. She didn't know why she bothered with this and why she let Rias convince her that it would be 'fun', especially when she was physically tired, considering Asia wasn't with them.

Sona also didn't know where Rias got this energy from. She was just as beat up as her, and all they had to soothe their injuries was a bath. Granted, devils healed relatively quickly; they'd be fine if they got some sleep, but the soreness was still there. And it was annoying.

The first couple of games were fun, though. Poker, a few rounds at the pool table, Uno, and other general board games. It was… relaxing, in some sort of way. Sona would be the first to admit that she enjoyed it. It wasn't very fun when Akane somehow won everything, though, especially when it came to the games that required thinking. It was somewhat creepy. It was as if she was capable of reading their minds.

The girl was gifted in many ways, and Sona was beginning to think that it was unfair. She had to be bad at one thing, at least.

But then Rias had the amazing idea of playing the silly 'truth or dare' game, and with three of the currently awake girls sitting together in a circle with an empty bottle between them—Tsubaki and Akeno having retired for the night—Sona felt like she'd had enough for today.

The sun was already up. Maybe around eight a.m. or something.

She wished there was something interesting going on, like actual questions or challenges that they could gain from, but no. Rias was being Rias by asking the most inane and stupid questions she could.

"Truth." Akane said blankly as the bottle pointed at her, casually filing her nails.

"Again?" Rias muttered under her breath. "Well, okay then. What's your type?"

Sona most certainly ignored this. What garbage. She could've asked something way more interesting.

"Type? As in, what do I look for in a partner?" Akane asked and the Gremory nodded, prompting her to hum and put a hand on her chin. "...Big, funny, stupid, and easy to tease."

Sona almost deflated at her answer. That's just Ichiban…

"Though, I don't mind, confident, intelligent, and witty. Those are fun too. I just prefer the former more." She added, making the Sitri hopeful again. This game was too stressful. "Honestly, I don't have too many preferences. If anything, I don't really mind much as long as they're stupider and taller than me."

"Height? Really?" Rias snorted, unimpressed. "I didn't think you were so shallow. Short people deserve some love, too."

Sona agreed with Rias there. There's no possible way Akane would put so much importance into height. She expected maybe intelligence or strength of character, not that. She's probably hiding something.

"Well, you asked for my type."

"And I'm allowed to judge."

"Fair. Honestly, I don't know what to tell you." Akane shrugged. "I want my man to be tall. The taller, the better, too. That's all."

She's kind of defensive. Sona noted. Hmm, she is most definitely hiding her real preference.

"Okay, but why? There's gotta be a reason."

"What, am I not allowed to fantasize about a big, strong man taking care of me, a delicate and beautiful lady?" She scoffed. "I like being spoiled, too."

Sona held her tongue, not wanting to say something that might end up with her being kicked through the building. Delicate, she says. She's the farthest damn thing from delicate in existence, and she knows that.

"While I fully believe that, we both know that's not the reason." Rias deadpanned, being very persistent. "C'mon, it's just us. We won't judge too harshly."

Akane sighed and looked Rias straight in the eye, saying something none of them expected.

"I want to dominate someone bigger than me because it gets me going." She answered FAR too bluntly. "Is this what you wanted to hear? My sexual desires?"

Both Sona and Rias were dead silent, neither of them knowing how to respond. That was certainly a… preference? It was not weird by any means; it honestly was obvious in hindsight, but that was wild to hear so suddenly.

Wow. Okay. Sona didn't know what to think. That's… something alright.

She didn't know what she expected from this silly game, but whatever it was, it was certainly not this.

Was it just her, or was it suddenly getting hot in here?

"Er, n-no, that wasn't my intention."

"Pervert."

"I was just curious about your preferences, not that!" The redhead whined. "Please don't take it the wrong way."

"Weirdo."

"Why you–" Rias paused, knowing she was playing right into Akane's hand, and calmed herself, changing the subject in an attempt to avoid being called worse. "You know that's a tough task, right? You're pretty tall."

For an Asian girl, at least.

"Sad. Guess I'm just never meant to find a partner." She said, smirking to herself. "Assuming there's even someone out there that deserves me."

The two devils ignored that as Sona asked the important question.

"How tall are you exactly?"

"170 centimeters," Akane answered. "Or 5'7 if you like using the wrong system. I got a bit taller since coming to Kuoh."

Three inches off. Sona thought in discontent. Damn it.

But wait, she said men. Was it different for women?

No, hold on, why was she so invested in this? Putting her feelings aside, it wasn't like it'd be possible for them to ever be together. Even if the conference went through, it'd still be implausible for either side to accept them being in a relationship.

Really, she was stressing over nothing. Sona had never had a chance to begin with.

…So why did her chest hurt whenever she was thinking about it?

"Right," Rias said, giving Sona a glance before putting a hand on the bottle. "Alright, let's continue~"

The bottle was spun once more, pointing at Akane again.

"Is this rigged?" She blinked, looking at the bottle, then at Rias. "What did you do?"

"Nothing. How would I even rig that?"

"...Tsk, truth."

"Really?"

"I'm not gonna let you order me around." Akane scoffed. "You'd probably say something like 'let me test the softness of your boobs' or something weird like that."

Sona laughed.

"Creep. First demanding to know my fantasies, and then this." She added.

"What kind of image do you have of me?! I'd never do that! You just made that up so you can be mad about it!" The redhead, however, wasn't very amused. "And you, stop laughing; it's not funny!"

It was funny because it was true. Sona was pretty sure that Rias had some… strange history with her Queen, and she knew that because she walked in on them kissing once. That was certainly one way to completely change her view of Rias. She didn't think she'd be so experimental.

Sona had never brought it up, of course. Too awkward.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm sure."

"Why you–" Rias stopped herself from losing her cool and smirked maliciously. "How about you tell us the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to you?"

"Being scolded by Mine after my stunt at the party," Akane answered coolly, still filing her nails.

"Wha– that's it?" Rias blinked. "Seriously? There's gotta be something more."

"Rias, I don't lead a life of constant fuck-ups like you. Forgive me if I don't have an entire goddamn catalog for this shit."

Sona would've been off guard at the aggressive comeback if not for the fact that she didn't look as exhausted. Yes, she too was slowly getting too tired to deal with Rias' antics. Fair enough.

"Rude." The Gremory Heiress pouted, not one bit phased by Akane's cold words. She's gotten used to it, it seemed. "Could've just said no."

"If there is, I don't remember it. Better?" She scoffed, spinning the bottle. It ends up pointing at Sona. "Finally…"

Sona grimaced and sighed.

"Truth."

"One of you needs to do a dare next," Rias complained. "Choosing the same thing over and over is boring."

Akane ignored her and stared directly at Sona's eyes, the latter getting more and more uncomfortable in her gaze. Neither of them said anything for a bit as the Yakuza Princess seemingly tried to come up with a question.

Sona was admittedly becoming nervous. What—why was she looking at her so intensely like this? What kind of question was she going to ask? Honestly, she was quickly regretting that she chose truth instead of dare because Akane could just do something really cruel here and ask for her deepest, darkest secrets.

And Sona would honor the spirit of the game and answer because she couldn't possibly break the rules of anything.

"Ever broken the law before?" Akane suddenly asked.

…That was surprisingly tame.

"No, not particularly," Sona answered. "Why?"

"Shame." She snorted. "It's fun, you know. Feels kind of freeing."

Sona and Rias looked at one another in confusion before addressing the human girl. That was… odd.

"How so?" Rias blinked.

"Hmm, I don't really know how to explain it," Akane responded. "There's just this weird thrill to it, knowing you're above the law. Especially with this."

She snapped her fingers, conjuring up an ice crystal.

"I can drink and smoke all I want. Hell, even murder and drugs are on the table if I really wanted to go there." She continues. "Because who can really stop me? The cops? Gimme a break."

The tone suddenly shifted with such dangerous talk. Why would she ever contemplate such a thing? Well, sure, she was never exactly a squeaky-clean member of society with such a background, but was this really necessary to bring up?

Such a bizarre topic of conversation. Why would Sona ever even think about breaking the law? Why= what would she gain from it? A 'thrill' knowing you're 'above the law'? What kind of strange mindset was that?

Being powerful doesn't automatically make you above a concept like that, and it shouldn't. That's how you get tyrants and corruption.

But before either of them gave a reply, she added.

"Before you say anything, I wouldn't go so far, obviously." Akane rolled her eyes. "Law aside, I'm not going to go out of my way to hurt someone or hurt myself long-term. Still, you two should give it a try. Especially someone as stuck up as you, Sona."

"Stuck up?" Sona scowled.

"Yes, you're boring. Too rigid when it comes to that stuff. I doubt you ever even skipped a day at school." She smirked. "You should try to loosen up sometimes. Don't you ever wanna just laze around all day in your bed? Or maybe shoplift something? Drink some alcohol? C'mon, you're devils, aren't you? I know you felt those urges before."

Well, she did drink before. The age of drinking in devil society is twelve.

But that wasn't really the subject of the conversation, was it?

"She is right, you know."

"You are not taking her side on this." Sona glared at the redhead. "There's nothing 'fun' about breaking the law. Don't let a delinquent like her sway your mind."

"See? This is what I mean." Akane shrugged. "You know, even someone as dorky as Ichi does those things from time to time. Rules are meant to be broken, and all that stuff."

"Can we just continue on with the game?" Sona's frown deepened, her patience running thin. "I've already answered."

"Alright, alright, relax. Sheesh…" Rias muttered, spinning the bottle. "I don't know what got you so pissed."

"I wonder why." Akane snorted.

The bottle pointed at the redhead.

"Dare!"

Finally.

"I dare you to go to bed." Sona dared.

"Hah!" Akane laughed. "Nice going."

"What?! No fair!"

"Respect the rules of the game, Rias." The Sitri said. "It's time to sleep. I'm exhausted, and we have a long day ahead of us."

"Ugh…" Rias pouted. "Fine. You were making it boring anyway, choosing truth every single time."

"Great. I should've been in bed hours ago." Akane stood up, stretching her arms. "I'll see you girls tomorrow. Goodnight."

With that, she went ahead of them, walking to her room. Sona rubbed her eyes and got up, exhaling deeply. She'd been awake for far too long, and with how much hard training they'd been doing for the tournament…

Well, Sona had to admit, she felt her respect for Serafall rise after that. To think her sister would suffer through several sleepless days to do her job. It was certainly so much worse than this.

She should bring Sera a gift whenever she goes back to the underworld.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, jlk, Steele/Mili and 192 others
Mirlnir
Mar 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True chapter 37: Helper Minion
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Mar 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#673
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, Immortal Spank, Bluwuh


"Would you look at that…" I mutter in disbelief, watching my super AI's marvelous work.

"Such a quaint little device you've made," Lucifer says with a smile and a hand on his chin, equally amazed. "Not a speck of magic at all. Purely mechanical. I'm impressed."

I only just activated it yesterday, and it's already doing things that could've taken me days in mere fucking hours. At first, I wanted it only to assist me, but then it just took over and started doing everything independently. Everything.

Once I was done entertaining the devils, I decided to immediately begin working on my own cloaking device since I was impressed with Nemesis' intelligence and effectiveness, only for it to once again shock me with how competent it is at doing its tasks.

I transferred it to a small robotic body I had already made a while back by plugging my phone into it, modified and equipped with the necessary tools to break down the Amon cloaking chips with perfect precision and accuracy because I don't want that shit blowing up on me. While I was a bit concerned at first, Nemesis proved to be the best possible candidate for the job.

I told it to only assist for the first few chips because I wanted the EXP to improve my engineering skills, but then I saw no reason not to let it do everything on its own once I've milked it of its worth.

It turns out I've actually been holding it back because, holy fucking shit, it's doing it at a superhuman level. More than that, I can see it getting better and better after every attempt, proving that giving it the ability to adapt and learn was an extremely good idea.

Now, why am I letting it do it and not just get all the possible EXP on my own? Because I've realized that having Nemesis learn and work on this on its own would actually be way better in the long-term and short-term. If it's this quick at breaking things with such grace, then it must be good at building things as well.

I want it to help me make the perfect cloaking device. Something not even the Amon would be able to see or even notice. With Nemesis around, surpassing the technological factions and beating them at their own game will be way easier. Not easy, obviously—I'd be surprised if they didn't have comparable super AI, but it shouldn't be as hard.

Because, besides everything, Nemesis is built via my very own code language, which I've worked tirelessly to perfect. And I do mean perfect. My bug sense tells me that there are no bugs anywhere in my programming language or code, and hacking requires bugs to work. No matter how good the Tojo clan is at programming, they won't be able to hack anything of mine, and the worst they could do is eventually reverse-engineer the language. I sure love my engineering mastery skill—disgustingly powerful cheat ability. I'm so glad I took it.

My codes will be unhackable, while theirs will be incredibly vulnerable in comparison because, eventually, I'll know everything about it. Strengths, weaknesses—every single detail. I'll know how to counter it and turn it against them.

How exactly? Simple. I'll just ask them to teach me. They have no reason to mistrust me; I'm the daughter of one of the most respected patriarchs they ever had. If they're willing to train me how to kick ass, then they're definitely going to teach me everything else they know.

I'm not stupid. I know that one day I might end up clashing against them, and you know how the saying goes. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. The more I know about them, the better chance I have of standing against them if it comes to it.

I don't hope for it. I want them to be my allies and eventually my subordinates if I can climb the ladder, but it's better to be safe than sorry. I'm not above exploiting even the smallest crack in their armor.

"Task completed." Nemesis suddenly sounds out from my phone's speakers. "What is my next assignment?"

I hum with a positive tone, pleased with my helper's good work. I pat the little robot on the head with a smile.

"Next, we're going to figure out a way to build on and improve what we've learned so far," I say.

"Affirmative." It responds robotically.

I pause and look at the robot in thought, tilting my head as I get an idea. I don't know if it's worth the trouble or even a good idea in the first place, but should I try to give it emotions? It might make it more attached to me, but there's also the possibility of it rebelling if it decides that it doesn't want to be my minion anymore.

But I also don't want it to be boring, if that makes sense. Maybe teach it how to be funny or something along those lines. Have it crack a joke every once in a while. It might even help it improve its intelligence a little if it knows what's humorous. Or what I find humorous anyway.

Hmm, I'll have to ponder the pros and cons of that for later. One thing at a time, Akane.

"But before we start on that, I want you to tell me what you learned," I ask it. "And simplify it. Getting too technical will take us all day."

"Aw, but I would love to hear about all the details." Lucifer sighs. "Perhaps later?"

"Sure, whatever."

"Excellent." He smiles, looking pleased. "You humans truly are fascinating."

Nemesis takes a moment, likely out of confusion at me talking to 'nobody', but then quickly answers a second later. Maybe I should find a way to let it be able to see Lucifer and other incorporeal entities. Might be useful for the future.

"The device emits thousands of waves that are imperceptible without the special sensor you installed." It explains. "Part of its function seems to be governed by fluctuations in this exotic energy field. The device is not fully technological by nature, but the energy patterns are consistent across individual devices."

My smile widens slightly as it pauses before continuing.

"It shares similarities to the energy you expel when forming ice." It says tonelessly. "My database does not contain further information concerning this abnormality, and I have been unable to generate or replicate this exotic energy. My apologies for failing, Mistress."

I gave it the tools it needed to sense magic, but not the knowledge to decipher and understand it. It doesn't recognize what it is, and that's fine. Super AI or not, it has to figure out everything about it from scratch.

Nemesis learned a lot from the internet, but the internet contains zero reliable information about the supernatural. I asked it, knowing its lack of knowledge about magic, because I wanted to know how it would respond.

"However, I could try to replicate it if given enough time and a source of this energy." He adds, which amuses me. "Possibly improve upon it once I analyze its internal mechanisms."

"Could you now?" I raise a brow. "Interesting, but don't bother. It'd be better if you're equipped with the knowledge instead of taking more time exploring uncharted territory. Much more efficient that way."

How the chip works is rather simple, to some degree. It takes the mana of the user and converts it into an odd energy that's very similar to magic. That energy acts as a blanket over your mana that blocks every attempt at sensing you. Unless you expel massive amounts of energy, even your spells are completely masked.

It's very fascinating. All types of mana have this… I don't know how to say it, but they share a strange vibe. Demonic, Youjutsu, and even Sacred Gears have it. They're different, for sure, very different—but they all share that one feeling.

But this weird energy doesn't have whatever it is that makes all other types feel the same. It's completely alien to me, and it's extremely interesting. Whoever made or discovered this type of magic is a genius.

In a strange sort of way, it reminded me of Excelsis, minus all the anger and hatred that Metal Stick had.

I glance at the several disassembled chips, eyeing the single untouched chip in thought. That will be my base for my own cloaking device—through it, I'll cut off whatever influence the Amon has over it before turning it into my own thing.

Though, one thing is clear: I don't want anything like this anywhere near my head. That feels like a massive weakness and design flaw. I might just be paranoid and a tad too imaginative, but what if someone were to, say, hack into it or disable it via an EMP bomb or something similar? There is a possibility of it reacting violently and exploding.

And something exploding very close to my brain sounds painful and dangerous. No thanks.

I'm thinking of maybe turning it into a gauntlet or glove. Very original, I know, but I feel it'd be very practical. In fact, rather than just a cloaking thing, I could turn it into an all-purpose device that does numerous things.

Scanners, weapons… Yes, that sounds useful.

I'm so fucking excited. I have so many ideas, and I want to do all of them because everything sounds so goddamn cool.

"You've been very productive today, but we're done for now." I pat it on the head again. My two hours in the dungeon are just about to be over. Hopefully, I should be done with the tech either tomorrow or the day after. Three days at the slowest. "I'll feed you all the knowledge about magic I can get my hands on very soon, though. Whether from my experiences with it or through notes from my allies, then we can finally, finally one-up those Amon bastards and make something even better."

Ah, wait, I remember something about a supernatural exclusive internet. Maybe I can have it go through that? Hmm, questions for later.

"Affirmative."

There's still one issue, though, and that's finding a way—or more accurately, someone—to 'replace me' while I'm off using Devour on unsuspecting victims. After all, Kuoh is off-limits, so I have to leave if I want to grow more powerful.

And go where? Well, at best, outside Japan entirely, though that's going to be really hard to pull off. I think maybe going back to Kansai would be good enough, though that's where the Omi Alliance HQ is. Then Hokkaido, if I don't want to deal with too many Yakuza. Their presence isn't as prominent there.

I need more resources to be able to make a mechanical clone of myself, energy signature, and all. Stick Nemesis in it, and, after some time studying my interactions with others, it should be good enough to be able to replicate my personality to a degree. However, I also need to give it its own mechanical body.

I think I'll start replacing dungeon time with a soul-stealing spree. So far, nobody has noticed me disappearing off the face of the earth for two hours nearly every day because I've been using ID Create carefully and strategically. Maybe I should apply that to my time using Devour instead since I'm not getting much out of dungeons anymore.

But it's better to be safe rather than sorry.

"Ah yes, this 'cloaking tek' you've been speaking of." Lucifer hums. "What might you be using it for, I wonder?"

"Oh, you'll see very soon," I say with a menacing smirk. "Honestly, being so nice all the time can get tiring. Let's just hope we can still be friends after that."

"Oh?" He mirrors my wide grin. "Ah, I see. Aren't you afraid of what your friends and family might think of you if they ever find out?"

"Please, it's not like I'm going to scream it to the heavens." I roll my eyes with a snort. "They don't have to know anything. Besides, it's better in the long run anyway, isn't it? I'll use the power I get to keep them safe, after all."

10 Reputation with Lucifer [40/100]

"How devilish of you, my dear." He chuckles. "Do not fret—I would still love to be a friend of yours. If ridiculous things like devouring souls and denying them an afterlife or reincarnation repulsed me, I would've been a lonely devil when I was still alive. In fact–"

He leans forward, a dangerous glint flashing in his golden eyes.

"I couldn't have asked for a better partner."

…Dangerous and sketchy demon god aside, I like him. I don't have to pretend around him, and it's honestly really freeing. Still should be careful, though. That's probably what he wants me to think.

"Continuous staring at vacant spaces, talking to self in 50-65 decibels, frequent changes in expression caused by unknown factors, no premature change in attitude, no unusual body movement, no sweating." Nemesis suddenly says. "Probability of Schizophrenia: 40%. Should we book an appointment with a psychiatrist, Mistress?"

This bitch.

Still, I audibly snort at the cute little check-up, finding it way more amusing than offensive. Rather impressive, too. It's almost more precise than I programmed it to be with that assessment of my 'mental health'.

Maybe adding the comedy thing might be worth it.

"No, you stupid toaster. I'm mentally sound. Relatively speaking." I lightly flick its head, muttering that last bit. "Anyway, your assignment for the rest of the day is to be sure to be active at all times and learn as much as you can from my interactions with others. However, you do not speak until I tell you to. You're my secret project, and I want nobody to know that you exist."

Nemesis says nothing, making me pleased.

"Very good." I snap my fingers, reappearing in my real-world garage. "Still have an hour before training, though…"

I should probably grab a bite.

I would focus more on protein, but with my Perfect Body perk, a diet of any sort wouldn't really do anything. And crepes sound really good right about now. Maybe with extra chocolate sauce and strawberries…

Yeah, fuck it. I'm treating myself. I made my wonderful AI assistant; I deserve it.


– Xenovia –

Spending some time with this group had made her realize that, no, Irina wasn't the oddball. In fact, most of the students in the church were the weird ones, and by extension, herself. Xenovia didn't realize just how hard it was to connect with people her age who were outside the church.

Seeing her partner do it so effortlessly made her reevaluate what she had grown up knowing.

"Pitting Kokabiel against Goku is insane," Akane says as the group sat around in a circle outside the training facility, looking at Issei in confusion. "What the hell are you even saying?"

"No, I'm just saying that if he was here–"

"If he was here, the battle would've ended in, like, three seconds." She cut him off. "He'd just walk up to Kokabiel, say something like, 'You look pretty strong! Let's fight!' then accidentally mist him."

"Yeah, I don't know why that's even a question," Irina added, seemingly knowing what the hell they were talking about.

"For crying out loud, I'm not comparing them!" Issei complained.

After their third training session, Xenovia had managed to not lose consciousness this time, which she had begun to find annoying. Either Akane had shown some pity or she was growing more powerful. Xenovia really hoped it was the latter; she still wasn't sure because these people were immensely more powerful than she had thought they were.

She almost swore that her training partner was actually far more powerful than when they had their first sparring match before the battle, but Akane was likely not going all out back then. Well, not likely. Obviously.

Xenovia had to admit that she did not appreciate it, but then quickly realized that telling Akane not to hold back had probably been a mistake. Instant knockout in her first and second training sessions with her. She couldn't possibly learn anything at that rate.

So she had to swallow her pride and ask to maybe hold back a little bit. Just a tiny amount.

It did end up with them fighting for much longer. Instead of half a second, she lasted a few hours collectively, and those few hours taught her a lot. Her technique and reaction times were improving rapidly. Xenovia could confidently say that she was almost twice as good as before.

Probably.

Still, the first sparring match—which lasted three minutes—left her exhausted. It was good that the blond girl was around to heal their wounds and restore their stamina. She was getting better after every sparring match, meaning she lasted longer as well. Even Akane commented on her growth. Xenovia wasn't sure why, but being praised made her feel giddy.

It mattered to her so much. Perhaps it was because of Akane's masterful skill in sword-fighting or her respect for the art. Not a lot of people could say the same—not even her partner or some of their teachers. Xenovia found it mad that none of them showed the same appreciation for blades as her.

God, she loved swords. They were the best.

After some time, they decided to take a small break together, sitting down and talking about whatever suited their fancy. Originally, the dialogue was about the strange power Akane showed during her few matches with Ichiban, something that Xenovia was very curious about as well.

She answered and said it was Senjutsu, or more specifically, a sub-skill of it. Xenovia knew about Touki; she had read about it in a book several years ago, but at the time, she had thought nothing of it and wrote it off as something only a heretic would use.

Now she realizes that her early interpretation of it was severely wrong because it was simply using your very life force for power. It was no less pure than the energy used to swing a sword. Her younger self sure was stupid.

They continued discussing it and how it worked, but then Issei suddenly said something about ki, dragons, and balls. She didn't really understand how the conversation had shifted to that, nor did she comprehend how Irina seemed very versed in that topic, almost to the degree where she appeared highly intelligent.

Almost. Her partner was still a moron.

…Xenovia wouldn't admit this to anyone, but she honestly wouldn't have it any other way.

"Look, my point was that if Goku was here, he'd have beaten the crap out of Kokabiel."

"Yes, just as the sun is bright and the grass is green." Akane deadpanned. "It's common sense."

"The grass is blue on Namek."

"You're not being funny."

This 'Son Goku' warrior must be formidable. Strange how she'd never heard of him before.

"I wish I was Goku." Issei sighed and then glanced at Ichiban, who was deep in thought. "You've been quiet for a while now. What do you think?"

"I was just wondering something." He said, a hand on his chin. "If Senjutsu—or I guess, Touki in this case—is ki, then is it possible to do a Kamehameha?"

A kame-what now?

"Yooo that'd be so cool!" Issei said with sparkly eyes.

"We should totally try that!" Irina added.

"I don't think it's doable," Akane answered. "Touki is just using your life force for a physical amp. You can't manipulate it outside the body, as far as I know."

"Aww…" Xenovia's partner whined.

"Yeah, but you can do that Flux Fissure thing, can't you?" Ichiban argued. "That's sending ki out of your own body."

"The difference is that I need to be close to someone. Land a hit even." She explains. "Because that's sending the ki in my body into someone else's directly."

"Right…" He hummed. "I wonder if they're gonna teach us Touki."

"Why wouldn't they?" Issei raised a brow.

"Well, I mean, for me personally, wouldn't it be really hard?" Ichiban said, scratching his neck. "My Balance Breaker already takes a lot out of me, and according to Akane, she can't even keep using it for more than a few seconds."

"Yeah, but you have way more stamina than me," Akane admitted. "You'd probably have a better time with it. More than that, I think Issei's in desperate need of learning how to do it."

"Me?" Issei blinks.

"Your Sacred Gear as it is now is way more tailored for support." She clarified. "Unless we find the other pieces, you're not really strong on your own. You need a boost, and Touki is your best bet."

"Y-yeah…" He slumps down, disappointed and annoyed at himself. "Sorry…"

"Don't take it the wrong way, Issei. I'm not saying it's your fault." Akane said. "You're just not lucky. You don't have a Longinus, nor do you have a supernatural background. Also, keep in mind that you can absorb the energy of other people, so the high stamina drain isn't as big of an issue to you as it is to others."

"Yeah! You should feel proud of yourself for growing this strong!" Irina added. "It took me and Xenovia years to get where we are now, you know?"

"I didn't really help that much against Kokabiel, though."

"You kidding? Without you, Sona and Rias might've died." Ichiban patted him on the back with a grin. "Sure, you couldn't keep up in the actual fight, but a battle isn't all about who's stronger. You saved two of our friends. That gotta mean something, right?"

Issei paused and thought about it for a few moments before smiling gratefully.

"Heh, I guess you're right." He said. "Thanks, guys."

Irina giggled and leaned closer to him, making Xenovia squint suspiciously. Something was strange here. Her partner had always been rather affectionate, but not to this degree, especially to a stranger.

They'd known each other since they were young, sure, but this much? How odd. Irina had been getting weirder since their leader's unfortunate passing. Even weirder after meeting this boy again.

Hmm, she'd have to ask her about it later.

That aside, Touki sounded interesting to Xenovia. She'd never heard of anyone in the church knowing much about it since it was more of a thing the Yokai do, but she didn't think the Yakuza would be versed in such a thing either.

Then again, the nine-tailed fox was married to a Yakuza, wasn't she? Wasn't that why they were very close allies? Xenovia wasn't sure—admittedly, she wasn't very good at politics and got consistently terrible marks.

She was impeccable at her sword-fighting class though, at the top even, and that was all that mattered to her anyway. She wondered if she could apply Touki to her sword-fighting and how effective it would be. Was it possible to channel her ki into her sword?

Unfortunately, she doubted they'd actually teach her anything about it, so this would have to wait until she was back in HQ to report everything in great detail. Thank God they allowed her and Irina to stay in Japan for a little bit more.

She really, REALLY hoped Sister Griselda wouldn't be mad at them once they got back.

"I think that's enough rest," Akane said, getting up and looking at Xenovia. "Come on, we're going for a few more rounds."

"Of course." She nodded eagerly.

As the novice exorcist got up, Akane suddenly paused and took out her vibrating phone, answering a call. Xenovia managed to spot the name of the caller, though. Sona Sitri– one of the devil heiresses here.

She frowned in slight annoyance. What did they want now?

"What is it?" Akane asked. "Training. Why?"

All of them were quiet as they waited for Akane to end the call.

"Can it wait, or is this urgent?" She asked again. "...Alright, I'll see you in a few minutes."

"What's this about?" Ichiban asked.

"Dunno. Sona called and said she needed to discuss something important with me." Akane shrugged, glancing at Xenovia. "I guess we'll have to end this a little earlier today."

Xenovia visibly deflated at that.

"I suppose it can't be helped." She said in understanding, quickly recovering.

"I'll be going now." The Yakuza Princess said as wings of ice formed on her back. "Don't you dare slack off."

She flew off into the sky, speeding across the town at an incredible pace. Having the power to fly so casually sure was useful. Xenovia hoped that whatever it was that the devil wanted from Akane wasn't too terrible.

There is no telling what that filth might be scheming.


– Akane –

"I didn't think you liked it here so much," I say, sitting in front of her. "Is the coffee that good, or is it the only place you know?"

"A bit of both." She responds, sipping from her cup. "How's your training been?"

"Pretty good, actually," I answer truthfully. "Even better than when we started preparing Rias for the Rating Game, somehow. I think changing my focus from growing my power to expanding my versatility has been doing wonders for me."

"Then you must be making great progress." She smiles. "That's good. I wish I could say the same."

"That bad?"

"I don't know." Sona sighs, taking off her glasses before rubbing her temples. "I can feel that we're growing at a decent rate, but I'm still worried about the competition."

"You know, I feel like you and Rias are being a tad too paranoid about it." I quip. "I mean, you survived and helped defeat a Satan-class threat. Shouldn't you at least feel a bit confident?"

Sona opens her mouth to reply, but no word comes out. Instead, she just groans, not fully convinced. I don't know what she's getting at—she's strong. Like seriously strong. If the most powerful person in the tournament is that Sairaorg guy, then she and Rias are going to absolutely fucking crush the competition, especially if they take it seriously these next few weeks.

And they are taking it seriously, so I don't see them losing the tournament. Or at least, not the first few rounds, which is what they're mostly worried about. I think they've got this. Though, admittedly, I'm not sure just how powerful other peerages actually are.

But they can't be that powerful, right? Yeah, Sona and Rias are at a disadvantage with their fewer numbers; Rias doesn't even have any pawns, but I dunno. Quality over quantity? I believe they can take it, but I'm lacking info concerning the other teams.

I gotta find a way to enter the tournament. Those quest rewards look so damn delicious. Besides scouting some useful powers, I can try to… 'borrow' at some point. That portal creation magic from that one blond chick sounds too good to pass up.

"I guess this has been weighing on your mind a bit too hard recently, huh?" I say at her non-answer. "But it's probably not why you called me here, so what's going on?"

"Right, well, I've just gotten word that the peace conference will be taking place here in Kuoh," Sona responds, looking relieved that the subject changed. "On the third of July."

That's around three weeks from now. Hmm, wish it was a bit longer, but this is good. Three weeks is more than enough time for me to finish my project and put Devour to the test. Great, having an actual timeframe for the invasion will save me a lot of stress.

"Oh?"

"Yes, a little abrupt." She nods. "I just got off a call with my sister an hour ago."

"I see." I hum. "That's odd, though. Why'd she bother telling you? We kinda don't have anything to do with it, do we?"

"Not necessarily." Sona shakes her head. "However, I believe she only wanted to inform us. Out of courtesy, perhaps, seeing as it's taking place here."

"Makes sense."

"I hope everything goes smoothly." She says, pausing for a moment before continuing. "I… don't wish to lose the friendships I made here."

How sweet.

"I think with how much goodwill that's been thrown around recently, you don't have to worry about anything." I shrug.

"I suppose." She mutters, rubbing her eyes before putting her glasses back on. "It's just… after Kokabiel–"

"You're not as confident in how the conference is going to be handled." I finish the sentence for her. "It's a valid concern; don't get me wrong, but keep in mind that Kokabiel threatened us and stole holy artifacts. He pissed off all three factions at once. Azazel knows he's on thin ice."

She says nothing, but I think I made her feel a little better. Still, I don't like this shitty mood, so I try to ease it in other ways.

"And hey, if war does end up happening, we can just elope."

"Shut up." She scoffs, blushing slightly. Great success. "I'd never abandon my responsibilities."

"You'd still do it for me."

"No, I would not."

"I bet Rias would."

That got her annoyed.

"She wouldn't either." She clicks her tongue, staring at my smug grin. "...It's very bothersome when you do this."

"I've been told." I shrug. "Several times."

The irritation slowly disappeared from her face, replaced by a soft smile. She doesn't say a word, but I can tell that she understands what I am going for if her grateful look is anything to go by.

"Where's Rias, by the way?"

"Trying to get Gasper to leave his room." She sighs.

"From your tone, I guess she's not making progress."

"Regrettably."

I narrow my eyes.

"Fine, I'll take care of it," I mutter, getting off my seat. "Come on, let's go."

"What? No offense, but this doesn't exactly concern either of us." Sona argues. "It's Rias' responsibility."

"Rias is way too goddamn nice to do anything meaningful about it," I say. "Sometimes using force is the only way to fix your problems."

"Akane–"

"Listen, that little bastard has been pissing me off since I've heard about him," I add. "I don't give a shit if he's sensitive. I'm getting him out of his room even if I have to drag him out kicking and screaming."

Sona stands up, knowing that she can't stop me even if she tries, but follows me anyway, either to prevent me from going too far or just to see this through. Dio Brando knockoff– I'll show that dick what for. Make my life harder, will you…

Could've saved me so many problems if he'd acted like a man and helped his boss with his shitty time-stopping powers, and if he doesn't come out of his hole, then fine. A weakling like him isn't worth the trouble, because if it comes down to it, I can always take his Sacred Gear by force.

Being able to stop time sounds very nice.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:jlk, Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot and 171 others
Mirlnir
Mar 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 38: Not So Kind
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Apr 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#687
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, Old man of the mountain, immortal Spank
"Akane, I understand you only want to help, but—" Sona starts, following me closely as we're a mere five-minute walk away from where Rias is. "I don't think you should be getting involved in this. Please, let's just back down and—"

"Didn't you agree with me that he needs to be forced out of his hole?" I raise an eyebrow, looking back at her. "Make up your mind, sheesh."

"I know what I said, but this is between Rias and her Bishop." She argues. "Gasper is an anxious mess; you're too assertive for him."

"All the better, then." I snort. "I'll get him out of there in no time."

"I'm fairly sure you'd cause more problems."

"Watch me."

"You don't understand—there's a reason why Gasper is kept alone in there." She says, looking serious as she hastens her pace to walk beside me. "He isn't very good at controlling his power."

"Which is stopping time?" I give her a side-eye. "Rias told me already. A power like that isn't dangerous unless he's willing to hurt me."

And he's probably too much of a pussy to do that. Even if he did hurt me, it would give me an excuse to beat the shit out of him.

Plus, I'm fairly certain this type of power has some limits. I distinctly remember it not working against people who are much more powerful, and I'm pretty confident in myself. I can probably resist the time stop to some extent.

It sounds nice, but it also reminds me that this isn't as useful as it is. If stopping time doesn't work against people so much stronger, then that means it's not an actual universal time stop and has a limited range. Thus, it loses a lot of its usefulness. Sure, it's still incredible, buuuuut…

Yeah, not as good. I'd take the real Dio's time stop over it, even if that has a limit of eleven seconds per activation. Heh, he sucks even as a wannabe. What a fucking loser. Rias shouldn't have bothered with that little bastard.

Though, as I said, I'd take it if I had the chance. But thinking about it, is it really worth the trouble? Killing the guy wouldn't be hard, but it should immediately warn Rias because the Evil Piece in him would return to her, so it'd be highly risky. Even if I succeed, I'd have to actively hide Aeon Balor all the time, which is just one more thing to worry about.

Hmm, time manipulation sounds nice, but I don't know. The risks seem to outweigh the rewards by far. I'll have to think about it more later. Right now, I just want to kick his ass for making shit harder than they had any right to be.
And also to complete this quest.

[Therapy Session #1: Touching Grass] – Quest

Objective: Drag Gasper Vladi out of his room

Bonus Objective: Do it by force

Rewards: +25 to all stats, [Photosynthetic Skin] Perk, Major EXP

Bonus Rewards: +100 to all stats, [Exquisite Blood] Perk, Immense EXP

Funny quest name aside, I'm tempted because I don't know what would happen if I get a perk I already have. Would it stack? Enhance the perk? I don't know, but I'm curious enough to bother. The other rewards are pretty decent. too. 250 in everything is really good, and I feel like the Exquisite Blood perk wouldn't be entirely useful unless I involve myself with the Vampire factions. Or steal Gasper himself.

And I might. A free minion is a free minion, even though I legitimately dislike him.

Seriously, why the hell wasn't he there for Rias when she was nearly married off to that chicken dickhead? She saved his goddamn life, and he doesn't even have the fucking decency to help. Hell, we could've used his Sacred Gear in the fight against Kokabiel, too.

Had we suffered genuine casualties, then they would've been on him. What a clown.

She's seriously too nice. If I were in her place, I would've either kicked him out or outright just killed him. According to her, she even used a mutated Bishop on him. A mutated piece is, like, what, two or three times more powerful than a regular one?

God, what an absolute waste.

"He could very well suffer a panic attack if you go overboard, and I know you would," Sona warns me. "You'd put the two of you in danger."

"I can handle it."

"That is not the point." She huffs. "Akane, please, let's just leave this to Rias."

"Rias needed help convincing herself that she could beat someone who is barely on her level. I don't have a lot of faith in her." I open the door leading to the old school building with a scoff. "Besides, he doesn't need convincing; he needs to be pulled out of there kicking and screaming."

Seemingly giving up, Sona groans but says nothing. I already made up my mind—I wanna beat up and verbally abuse someone, and Gasper is the unfortunate victim. I haven't bullied someone like this in ages. No, Ichiban doesn't count.

Though, being fair to me here, I never initiate.

Honestly, it's his fault. Should've acted like a real man and stood up for his friends instead of staying there doing absolutely nothing. Maybe then I wouldn't be so pissed at him. I hate nothing more than pushovers like him. They make me sick.

…Well, that's a lie. The thing I hate most is dark chocolate. That makes me sick. Literally. Whoever invented it should burn in hell.

As we make our way to the room where I sense Rias and her peerage, I find them all standing behind a door that emits ominous energy. Energy I've felt before. Huh, so that was what I felt on my first day.

Rias glances at us and blinks as she realizes that I'm standing behind her.

"Oh, uh…" She gives Sona a quick look before giving me her full attention. "What brought you here?"

"Rias, I sent you a message that we were on our way." Sona deadpans before I can respond.

"Phone's dead."

"Of course it is." Sona pinches the bridge of her nose. "I've told you to always keep it fully charged a hundred times already."

"I am charging it now. Back in the clubroom."

"While I find this conversation incredibly riveting, can we focus?" I snap my fingers to make a point. "Explain exactly what's going on."

"Well, we've been trying to convince Gasper to get out." Rias points at the door, with her rook standing directly in front of it. "More specifically, Koneko's trying to get to him."

"Koneko?" I repeat, finding this odd. Is she trusting the Kuudere to do this?

"They're close." She clarifies. I still find this odd. "We all tried, obviously, but Koneko seems to be making the most progress."

"And how much is that?"

Rias shuffles around a bit, breaking her gaze.

"Not much, I'm afraid." She sighs. "He isn't just shy; the boy suffers from an anxiety disorder. This could take us a while, to be honest."

So Sona wasn't exaggerating? That's annoying. I can't exactly be as gungho about this as I wanted, so I'll have to play nice with him if I want him out of there permanently. And that approach could take us months before we actually make progress with him.

Tsk, what a fucking pest. So he's completely useless either way. Being forceful or friendly won't help him. He's bound to stay there until we don't need him anymore. Even if we start now, by the time we fix his issues, we'll already be way more powerful than he could hope to imagine.

Ugh, I could use more of that shonen logic right now. Get him out in a few days at most.

Eh, whatever. I'll still try to bait him into attacking me so I can have an excuse to mop the floor with him. The main quest said to get him out of his room, not give him therapy.

Heh, at this point, I don't want him out of there to help Rias in the tournament. I just want to beat him up. You know, sometimes, having your anger issues known can be useful. Helps you get out of a lot of shit. Besides, they can't be mad at me for too long. I'm cute.

"Lemme talk to him."

"What?" Rias blinks, looks between me and Sona, and then responds. "I-I mean, I appreciate the offer, but we kind of have it covered."

"It's fine. I won't do anything."

"Akane…" Sona looks at me with a frown.

"I promise I'll be nice," I say. "I know what I said earlier, but I'll control myself if his problems are beyond shyness or laziness. Trust me."

This seems to make her relax a little. After a moment, Sona nods, signifying her foolish trust in me. I'm about to make this a nightmare for her, and while it isn't exactly intentional on that front, it would be kind of funny either way.

I like being annoying.

"Rias?" I look at the redhead for permission, knowing she'd give it to me.

"...Okay, but be careful." She says. "Remember, Gasper doesn't know how to control his power very well."

"What's the limit of his time stop?" I ask, wanting to be sure.

"As long as you stay out of his sight, you should be fine." She explains. It's even worse than I thought… "But that's not what you should worry about. I know you're powerful, but Gasper accesses an incomplete version of his Balance Breaker when he's pushed. You'd be in big trouble if he gets his hands on you, so we'll keep the door open in case something happens."

"Got it."

I walk up to the door as Koneko opens it for me, looking at me hopefully and almost pleadingly, and I'm reminded once again that I don't like her much. She's kind of troublesome for her potential to detect Lucifer. I might need his advice on handling this, and she's kind of in the way.

The room is dark, and I see the light of a laptop screen on the other side of the room, with the boy in question tapping away at the keyboard as he's covered up in a large blanket. He freezes as he feels my presence, slowly turning his head towards me, eyes wide and face sweating.

They do keep the door open, unfortunately, but I quickly come up with a plan. I still have that little magic concealing chip in my inventory—the one I plan to make the base for my device. It'll still be risky, though I'm fairly certain it doesn't need to be in my ears to work, and I already forced a sort of factory reset on it, so the Amon shouldn't be able to track it.

It activates once it sticks to my skin, so I should be okay if I hold it in my hand. I guess they put it in their ears to avoid it getting damaged in battle? That makes sense. Doesn't make it as big of an issue as I first thought. I am still going with my glove idea, though.

Why use the chip now? Because masking my mana is required if I want to use it next to so many people without them noticing anything. I already have it lowered naturally, so they shouldn't notice anything weird once the chip does its job.

Maybe Koneko, but I don't think she's smart enough to figure anything out. Besides, it's about damn time I found a good guinea pig to test my illusions on.

I already tested visual illusions, so let's see how good and useful the auditory type is.


– Gasper –

"Hello." The girl greeted him gently. "So you're Gasper Vladi, right?"

He said nothing.

"I'm Akane Amamiya." She introduced herself politely. "A friend of Rias, though I'm sure you already knew that."

Gasper knew who she was. Who didn't? Especially after defeating the Warhawk. She probably didn't know it yet, but word about her killing Kokabiel had spread like wildfire across the internet. Or at least the Devilnet.

The reports he'd found weren't particularly detailed, but they mentioned a few key points. The daughter of the Immortal Dragon led a group of devils, exorcists, and her yakuza. She managed to bring down one of the most fearsome generals in the Grigori in response to his abrupt invasion.

People were either dismissive of the news or completely shocked. Humans usually get underestimated by other races, and while that has become less common throughout the last few decades, it was still absurd that a human teenager spearheaded a successful confrontation.

True, she was the daughter of Tatsu Amamiya, one of the most powerful humans in history, but, unlike her, he had been genetically modified to be powerful—the Yakuza's first and only successful attempt at creating a super soldier.

She allegedly had no such luxury, even with her Yokai blood. All prior reports had stated that she, while much more powerful than your typical human, wasn't even low-class. But then suddenly, in only a month, she became powerful enough to defeat the Warhawk? That was insane.

Thus, many people online say it was probably some sort of PR campaign or something. And Gasper would've also believed that had he not felt her immense power skyrocketing during the battle. True, he hadn't exactly been there to see how the fight played out, but there was no doubt that this girl was massively more powerful than people thought.

She'd either been trained in secret and her public reports were just there to fool everyone into not giving her much thought, or she was unbelievably talented. Gasper didn't know, but what he did know was that behind that fake, soft smile of hers…

"You don't mind me asking you a few questions, right?" She said, slowly walking toward him.

Her blood was boiling.

"P-Please don't come any closer…" He said quietly, almost in a whisper. The air was getting colder. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I don't want to talk."

She terrified him. Something about the way she was just… strolling his way made his heart pound in panic. He could almost feel the rage and hatred she held in her one visible eye, and while she was controlling it rather well, it was evident to him.

But what was more frightening was the fact that he couldn't feel her presence. No, more like she had no presence in the first place. It's like he was imagining this—as if she wasn't even here in front of him.

It scared him. Something was off about this. About her.

It almost felt like she wanted to kill him.

"Why not?" She questioned, being just nice enough to stop her advance toward him. "I'm not gonna hurt you. Relax, Gasper. I'm only here to help."

Gasper didn't buy it. She was lying. He could tell.

"I-I'm… N-not today, please." He responded as he looked away. "I-I wanna be left alone…"

Akane said nothing momentarily, content with staring at him, judging him in silence. Gasper began to tremble as the pressure began to creep upon every inch of his body. Something felt like it was blocking his throat, as if the air was freezing.

After a few seconds, this silence felt louder than thunder, and it quickly became unbearable for him. He worked up just enough courage to look at her, perhaps out of curiosity, to see if she was behind this terrible feeling, and Gasper immediately regretted it.

The fake smile was gone, replaced with a scowl of absolute contempt. A look he was very familiar with back before being reincarnated as a devil. A look that brought memories so terrible it made him tear up.

"W-what do you want from me?" He asked, beginning to lose his composure. "Please leave me alone."

"You make me sick." She sneered, making him flinch. "I don't know why Rias even bothered with you."

Gasper didn't expect such a seething response from here, even with how angry she looked. What shocked him more was the fact that none of the devils behind her reacted to her words in any negative way. Did they not hear her?

"W-what–"

"I'm speaking here." She said, cutting him off. "You don't talk until I tell you to talk."

He remained silent.

"Good, at least you're smart enough to follow basic instructions," Akane said. "Though, even a toddler could, so not really a high bar. You must be proud of yourself, huh?"

Why was she being mean? What was going on? What did he do? And why was everyone just… being so casual about this?

"When we were all out there fighting for our lives, you hid here, waiting until the storm passed so you could continue going back to your silly little contracts." She scoffed. "Worthless as you are. What's so important about these contracts that you'd rather let your own King, your goddamn savior, die than pause your work on them?"

Gasper didn't know what to say. He was too shocked to say anything, more like. That wasn't true– he didn't see contracts as more important than Rias, not in a million years.

"You'd let invasions in your territory slide because you're too busy working on some useless contracts for even more useless contractors? Are you seriously that self-important?" The scary girl mocked him further, walking closer. "You pompous fuck."

Gasper felt it was so much harder to breathe suddenly. He looked away from the terrifying glare of the yakuza girl as his trembling intensified. Why was she walking closer? What was she gonna do to him?

"Or is it something else?" She asked with an icy tone. "Maybe it's not self-importance. Seeing how little and weak you look… maybe it's just cowardice."

"I-I'm… not…"

"Shut the fuck up."

He flinched violently.

"Maybe you were just too scared to fight. Even with such incredible power, you'd rather curl up in a ball and wait until everything calmed down as the people who cared for you got slaughtered one by one." Akane said, twisting and tearing his heart apart. "If that was the case, then you didn't deserve to be given this second chance."

Gasper shut his eyes as he tried to drown out her words. No, he shouldn't be listening to this. He didn't think he was self-important; he loved Rias very much. She'd saved him, and he didn't want to imagine her ever dying. She and others in the peerage meant a lot to him.

He needed to control himself. He might lose the restraint over his power if he let anything she said into his head. He'd had that happen several times to know that it was never pretty. He needed to breathe. Slowly. He had to calm down.

He did not know her end goal or why she was doing this, but what was clear was that she was being a total bully. He didn't know why Rias, or anyone for that matter, would want to hang out with someone like her.

Nonetheless, he couldn't let simple words mess with his head. He was anxious, sure, but he was better than this. For as much of a jerk as she was, he couldn't endanger her, himself, and his peerage standing there.

…But then, if he weren't such a doormat, he wouldn't have just… stayed here when they were trying their best. He hadn't moved a muscle to help against Riser, nor against Kokabiel. Frankly, he was a pushover and a coward. He was scared of the outside, and not like the 'vampire' excuse would help—everyone knew he was a daywalker. He was simply terrified of being judged.

Someone with the power to stop time itself, even if only to an extent, got frozen in fear of being stared at. Was this a joke? But it wasn't like he could help it. He couldn't just decide not to be scared anymore, right?

"You're just proving my point, aren't you? Only cowards keep making excuses and NEVER decide to do something about their problems." She said, and Gasper exhaled shakily. How did she– "I wonder how many excuses are you going to make? And until when?"

His breathing got more erratic as he struggled to control the storm brewing within him. However, even with that, the darkness of Forbidden Balor View was slowly leaking out of him. He needed to calm down. Fast.

"Look at you, writhing and trembling like the worm you are." She added. "You don't even have the balls to say anything or try to deny it. You know I'm right."

He said nothing, continuing to hyperventilate. His head started to hurt him immensely.

"Akane…" Rias said the girl's name. "This isn't really working. Just leave him. I'll try to get through to him tomorrow."

Gasper opened his eyes slowly. He looked at his peerage and Sona, remembering they were there, watching the scene, looking… hopeful. What? Did they not see the problem with this? Wasn't the human girl mean? Was he imagining things? What was going on?

Did…they agree with her? Did they think he was that a coward? Was that it? Gasper had so many questions swirling in his head that it nearly drove him to retch. Were they perhaps so sick of him that they wanted him out but didn't want to be the ones doing it?

He didn't know. He didn't know anything. Did they hate him? But if they did, who was he to blame them? Gasper was a coward. He had a responsibility to protect Rias and help his friends, yet, more than once, when given the chance, he opted to just… stay in his room and do nothing.

…Perhaps he deserved this.

"Yes, yes. I know. I'll be done soon." Akane waved off Rias. "Just one more thing."

"You know, Gasper." She crouched to his level, perhaps a foot away from him, and her frown turned into a sadistic grin. "Valerie would be so disappointed in you."

Gasper's heart nearly stopped as he heard her utter that name.

"So do her a favor and kill yourself."

As Akane put a freezing hand on his shoulder in the next second, he lost his grip on the violent power within.


– Akane –

I couldn't have hoped for this to work any more perfectly.

I wince at the pain in the right side of my abdomen after getting smacked out of the building by a massive tentacle made of darkness, but this doesn't stop a satisfied smile from showing itself on my face. Nobody even noticed anything weird—everything went exactly as planned.

"Are you okay?!" Rias glided toward me, looking concerned. "That looked like a nasty hit there."

It was. Had I not made a few defensive spells to protect myself just in time, I could've been cleaved in half, but I was fully aware of the risks before I tried this, even though being reminded of how squishy I am is annoying. I fully intended for him to hit me to make myself look less like an instigator, even though to everyone else, Gasper went apeshit for no reason.

To them, I was incredibly encouraging to him, which was the reality. I did nothing but be friendly, almost to a degree where I sounded a little fake. I kept saying that I fully understand what he's going through, but trying his hardest is what he should be doing. You know, typical shonen speech.

But to him, in an illusion… I said the complete opposite. The things I wanted to say. My true thoughts and feelings about him. How unrepentant cowards like him are the lowest of the low, undeserving of any of the goodwill they're given.

And I made sure to be perfect with that, too. Not just voice but attitude and visuals. Everything from the way I moved to my tone of voice to even facial expressions. He must've found it weird when he saw none of his peerage do or say anything, but he didn't notice anything else because of the chip.

And neither did they. I immediately activated my illusion magic when the cloaking device did its thing, as it made all illusion spells completely undetectable. None of them could even notice anything odd.

But I had to be quick. I needed them to sense my ice magic because if that was undetectable, they could've found it suspicious. Might be just me being very paranoid, but everything needed to be perfect. Everything I built here could've been ruined if I made a singular fuck up.

This is incredible. This plan worked much better than I thought it would. Perfectly, even.

I fucking love it when it happens.

"I don't think I should've touched him." I wince, watching the uncontrollable blob of pure darkness in the middle of the room, its tentacles thrashing around violently. "Fuck…"

Nearly the entire section of the building we were in was destroyed, but thankfully, no one was seriously hurt by Gasper's tantrum. All of them were able to dodge his lashing tendrils, backing away into the hallway leading to his room, just out of reach.

"You think?!" Rias looks at me incredulously, offering a hand.

"I'm sorry," I say, faking a guilty tone. I take her hand, and she pulls me up. "I'll take care of it."

"There is nothing to apologize for." She shakes her head. "Honestly, he acted weird, even for him. I think you just unintentionally intimidated him. You're pretty terrifying, to be fair."

It's so fucking funny to hear this.

"And here I thought I looked friendly," I say, chuckling for all the wrong reasons.

Rias pauses, looking at me with a mixture of surprise and relief.

"You're not as mad as I thought you'd be." She says.

Ah, shit. I was supposed to act mad.

"Being mad at him feels pointless. I should've been more careful, I guess." I wave it off, quickly changing my plans. "I'll try to calm him down."

"How? He wasn't exactly listening to you earlier."

"He won't listen to anyone. Not like this." I agree. "But he doesn't have endless energy. I'll exhaust him."

"Akane–"

"I'll be gentle, I promise." I lie. "Just don't get involved."

"But you–"

"This is my mess, Rias." I insist. "Let me clean it up."

The redhead looks conflicted, but eventually she relents and nods, flying away to Sona and the rest of her peerage. Finally, now I get to have fun. But to beat him up without it looking like I'm trying to kill him…

That might be a little tough.

I cast several defensive spells and wings, leaping to the ball of dark magic in the old school building. Sensing me approaching, Gasper tries to strike me with his uncontrollable magic, which I effortlessly evade, weaving between the tendrils with a confident smile.

I roll around a tentacle trying to impale me, giving it a light touch and promptly freezing it in less than a second. His magic is dangerous because I'm not very durable, but to compare it to my Cryomancy is insulting.

I do the same with every tendril that comes close to me, disabling his clumsy approach to attack momentarily. At least until he makes new tentacles, but he's too slow because I'm already freezing the blob surrounding him, shattering it nearly instantly.

He's in the middle of hyperventilating, but I snap him back to reality after grabbing him by the throat and slowly freezing it. His eyes open wide as he tries, but fails to scream in pain. For some reason, I'm unable to react to another tendril coming to hit me, moving much faster than the other ones and hitting me in the face.

Right, time stop. But if I've seen it move, then that means I'm strong enough that his time stop isn't stopping me; it's just slowing me down. It's tripping me up a bit– I don't feel slow. He feels fast.

Gasper coughs violently, looking at me in a mixture of terror and shock—a look I genuinely love seeing.

"Calm down," I say, knowing he won't calm down.

"Stay away from me!" He screams, launching more of his magic at me.

This time, sharp blades of darkness rain down on me from above, and I'm forced to take this a little seriously as I'm still in his line of sight. So instead of playing defensive, I activate Touki for a single second.

And a single second was more than enough to get in front of him and punch him in his stupid fucking face, causing a shockwave so powerful that it made the rest of the building collapse, launching him several hundred feet away.

Though, I doubt that's enough to knock him out, so I'm quick to follow, catching up immediately. I grab him by the leg mid-flight and drag him down, slamming him against the ground before freezing his leg to it.

As Gasper tries to defend himself, starting by activating his Gear and looking at me, I begin wailing on him, mercilessly beating his face until he's barely recognizable. I keep an eye out on his HP so I don't accidentally kill him.

I deliberately let one of his tendrils hit me, moving away just enough for it to stab my shoulder and nothing vital. I can't have this look as one-sided as it actually is. I'm fighting to calm him down after all, nothing more and nothing less.

But considering what he is and what he's doing… I can afford to be a little mean.

As more of his attacks land, cutting my face, chest, and stomach, I grit my teeth and quickly cast an ice knife, slashing his eyes and blinding him temporarily. The shriek of agony coming from was more cathartic than I thought it would be.

"Oh, quit whining, you little bitch; you'll heal soon anyway," I growl. "This is all for the times you hid away while we risked our lives, cross-dressing cunt."

I let another one of his tendril cut through my leg, and as painful as that was, I knew it was necessary to stop them from questioning shit. Blinding him like this, even though he's a vampire, might horrify them a tad too much.

Once I sense the devils close by, I point two fingers close to his chest, activate Touki, and then hit him with a one-inch punch, using Flux Fissure to send my ki into his body. He gasps in agony, and with teary eyes, he looks at me.

"Why…?" He struggles to breathe before finally falling unconscious.

I get off him and walk away as the devils descend next to me, seeing how badly in shape I am as well as Gasper. 'Why' he asks. Well, for one, I hate him. Two, I got a quest to kick his ass. And three, I hate him.

"Goodness, what happened?" Sona asked, looking concerned. "You need medical attention immediately. Both of you."

"It's fine, I'll manage." I wave it off.

"There is a hole in your shoulder," Akeno says.

"I said I'll be fine." I snap at her, encasing the wound in ice.

Seeing her flinch is funny. She's so fucking scared of me, and it's hilarious.

"I never thought Gasper would ever do such a thing," Rias says, looking confused and slightly hurt. "Why was he so scared of you? To this extent?"

"Yeah, I don't know what his problem was, but the kid's wild." I wince. "I tried getting through to him, but he's convinced I was going to kill him for whatever reason."

"Maybe his mental health was a lot worse than we initially thought," Sona says. "Rias?"

"Yes, I think we're gonna need an expert for this." The redhead sighs before glancing at me. "I'm… sorry. You tried to help us, and–"

"It's fine, I did it on my own." I shrug. "Honestly, if anything, I should apologize for making it harder than it should be. Heh, I guess this is what I get for sticking my nose in other people's business."

"Not at all. I think it's very sweet of you to lend a hand." Rias says as Sona chuckles. "Even though it didn't exactly end up helping much."

They're so fucking dumb.

"I guess so. I'll leave you now; he'd probably lose it if he sees me again." I'm just happy they're buying this shit. "I'm also sorry for being rough on him. I know I said I'd be gentle, but he didn't really give me a choice."

"We understand." Rias nods. "It looks terrible, but he's a vampire. He'll heal in a few minutes."

I nod back and flap my ice wings–

"Wait." Koneko stops me, making me twitch nervously. "Just now…"

Fuck, don't tell me she noticed anything? Shit, I knew she was a problem, but I made sure to do everything perfectly. Did she notice? If so, why didn't she say anything earlier? Damn it, and Rias just said she was close to Gasper. If she really did notice anything, then I'm screwed.

Fuuuuck.

"Yeah?" I slowly look back at her.

"You used ki." She says. "How?"

Oh.

That.

Oh thank god.

"I was taught how to access it recently," I answer truthfully, seeing no reason to lie. "Though, I can only use Touki."

"I see."

…That's it? I nearly had a heart attack. Good god.

Ugh, whatever.

"See you girls tomorrow." I wave, leaving the group to handle that mess.

I need a bath.


– Lucifer –

"I must say, what you did earlier today was rather…" He paused, looking for the appropriate word as he watched her work on the gauntlet, adding the finishing touches with her blowtorch. "...Barbaric. I've yet to understand the logic of such an act."

"Showing sympathy? Really?" She glanced at him before refocusing on her work.

"Oh no, not sympathy. I'm confused." He waved it off. "I understand your hatred for the boy, but the risks seemed quite high for you to do such a thing for mere self-satisfaction."

"Please, we both know I have better things to do." She said. "I just felt like testing what I have."

"Testing what you have?"

"The chip. My illusions." Akane shrugged. "I needed an actual test before I could put them to use."

"Ah, I see." Lucifer nodded. "I hadn't entirely understood your intentions. It's quite ironic."

"What is?"

"As I couldn't materialize, I could only see what you see. Through your own eyes." He clarified. "At the same time, I couldn't see what you planned. It's almost embarrassing."

"Don't be too hard on yourself. You just woke up from a coma after a few thousand years." She said, then paused. "Also, you're straight-up dead. So, you know."

He chuckled. That was true, though he wasn't sure if it worked as an excuse. Akane trying to make him feel better was, while unnecessary, adorable. Also rather manipulative. Lucifer found it both amusing and impressive. She sounded convincing. Very convincing. She was brave to try.

Her idea was sound, though. She needed to test her tools to see if they were up to the actual job, and while what she did was incredibly risky, it was only natural to push the testing methods further and further. That was how you knew prior successes weren't flukes.

After all, what she was planning to do was beyond risky. It would be crossing a line she'd never be able to go back from. One mistake, and her entire world would turn upside down. She could ruin her life and the lives of everyone around her.

Devouring the souls of others was the biggest sin one could commit. An act so vile and genius that it would cause her to lose her rights as a sentient being and would make her a wanted criminal across all the realms. From a living person to a beast that must be put down at all cost.

Of course, this hadn't stopped Lucifer himself from doing it. Frankly, why should he care? He was so powerful that even the mightiest of gods feared him. They needed entire armies and alliances to put him down.

Akane had no such luxury, though. She would quickly perish by her own people if they discovered what she could do. To him, though, he found her infinitely more fascinating. She understood the ramifications of devouring souls, but Lucifer doubted she knew just how terrible such a power was.

What a coincidence to be awoken by and bound to the only person who could and would do what he had done long ago. At first, Lucifer had only wanted to see how far Akane could go. How powerful she would grow, how many she would slay, and how much she'd conquer.

But now… he saw a bigger opportunity.

"And done." The girl said, putting the blowtorch and her welding mask aside. "What do you think?"

She held up the gauntlet to show him, and Lucifer approached to get a closer look. It was had a mirror sheen, reflecting the light emitted by the lamp above them. The design was sleek, with sharp edges and several buttons on the forearm. It was very well made, but…

"You are quite good indeed." He nodded, a hand on his chin. "But if you don't mind some critique, it looks rather dull."

"Yeah, I haven't painted it yet. I'll do that later." Akane explained. "I think I'll go with black and red. Very edgy, but fuck it, I'm embracing the edge. I'm tired of pretending it's not cool."

"What do you mean when you say edgy?"

"Don't worry about it. It's modern-day slang."

"I see." He hummed. "I assume it's fully functional?"

"It should be." She nodded, wearing it with her left arm. "Let's test out its first function…"

Akane waved her right arm, summoning several ice golems before her, and then aimed the gauntlet at them. In a flash, the gauntlet released several shots of plasma that instantly vaporized the targets, impressing the Devil King greatly.

"Holy shit, those tiny generators the Yakuza have are incredible." She chuckled. "Okay, I'm going to test out the cloaking function now. Tell me if it works."

She pressed some of the buttons on the gauntlet, and lo and behold her energy signature vanished instantly. Lucifer smiled and nodded, confirming that it did work. She grinned and squealed in joy at the success of her creation, which he found cute.

"Adding actual invisibility to this will make it so fucking busted." She said to herself, deactivating the cloak. "This is gonna be so good."

Yes, she will do. He thought. Her ambition will take her to high places, but perhaps… she could be more.

Oh he couldn't waste this chance. She was beyond just interesting—she was perfect. Excelsis, the power to steal and consume souls, and this incredibly powerful entity that lived inside her… Yes, she would do well.

Lucifer had already done everything he wanted to do in life. He was content, but perhaps this wasn't the end of his reign of terror. Perhaps the world needed to be reminded of who he once was, of what the 'Devil God' was capable of.

Perhaps Lucifer needed a successor.

Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, jlk, Steele/Mili and 170 others
Mirlnir
Apr 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 39: The Beginning
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#701
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, Cularus, Bluwuh


– Mizuki –

"I'm home!" She chirped, going through the door and raising the bag in her hand. "And I brought McDonald's!"

"Welcome back!" Asia responded with a smile, approaching her after getting up from the couch.

"Mhm…" Akane, who was sitting next to the blond, acknowledged her mother's presence tiredly.

"Well, well, well, look who's finally awake!" Mizuki closed the front door as Asia took the bag from her and put it on the table. "Do you know what time it is?"

Her daughter blinked.

"What time is it?"

"It's nearly seven." She crossed her arms.

"I see."

"You missed school and training."

"Is that so?"

Mizuki paused and raised a brow, taking off her jacket. She thought Akane would be a little annoyed that she missed her chance to learn more cool moves, at least for the day. Mizuki ended up training Ichiban and Issei on the basics of ki control, and Touki in her place. After the former was done with his training with Saejima.

And surprisingly, they didn't have as much trouble with meditation as her daughter. Well, Ichiban didn't, but that was because he apparently had prior experience. Issei still had some practice to do. Admittedly, though, he wasn't that far behind.

Still, Touki was pretty hard to maintain, so even Icchan couldn't use it for very long, especially not in tandem with his Boosted Gear, which was actually far easier on his body than Touki. Sacred Gear users' bodies slowly change to fit the power, regardless of what they do. Training only speeds up that process massively.

Touki wasn't as easy. It was still a real surprise to Mizuki that Akane had gotten it down quickly, even through her unique way of meditation. Her daughter had terrible stamina, though, as she was barely able to hold it for a few seconds before getting completely exhausted.

However, unlike Ichiban, who was far more resilient than she was, Akane recovered extremely quickly. Where it would take the other kids hours to a day to fully recover, her daughter only needed twenty minutes max.

That was incredible. Mizuki had never seen anything like it before, certainly not from a human. She was aware of warriors that could fight for days on end, but to recover so quickly was very much new.

"Okay, what's up with you?"

"She just woke up a minute ago," Asia answered for her. "She said she didn't sleep well."

Of course, she didn't. When Mizuki had woken up, her daughter was still awake, doing god knows what in her room. Honestly, she was a bit scared when she heard the giggles from Akane's room. What the hell was she scheming now? Whatever it was, she seemed very proud of it, and the fact that it had caused her to pull an all-nighter made Mizuki pretty concerned.

Then Akane had conveniently decided it was time to sleep ten minutes before her first class, and when her daughter slept, she didn't wake up until she'd had at least eight hours of rest. During that time, not even earthquakes could disturb her. She had previously slept through several.

Admittedly, it was a bit scary at times. Mizuki would sometimes think her daughter had randomly died in her sleep. Pouring an entire bucket of ice-cold water did nothing once. Though, in hindsight, maybe lukewarm would've done the trick. Didn't matter how cold it was; All Yuki-Onna loved lower temperatures, regardless of how weak the blood was.

The funny thing about this was how Akane never noticed that bit about her. She was aware that she was a 'heavy sleeper,' but every time Mizuki told her some of the things she slept through, she was accused of lying. 'Ain't no way that's possible. Make up better lies.' she'd say.

"Oh? You mean staying up hours even after the sun rises is actually bad for your sleep schedule?" Mizuki said sarcastically, then scoffed. "Who could've known?"

Surprisingly, her daughter snorted in amusement. Mizuki was ready for a scathing comment or at least a quip. She seemed to be in a good mood, weirdly enough, obvious exhaustion notwithstanding.

"I just had a shitty dream." Akane shrugged. "It's not a big deal."

"You slept for almost twelve hours." Mizuki deadpanned. "And by the way, I tried waking you up, so you don't get to act all pissy at me for not bothering."

"It's fine, I'll train on my own. Or with the girls later tonight." Her daughter waved it off. "It's really not an issue. Don't worry."

She was in a good mood. What brought this on? Weird.

"I'm more worried about you ruining your sleep schedule again." She crossed her arms. "What were you doing staying so late?"

"Skyrim." She answered. "Felt like I haven't played any video game in ages."

…That sounded a lot tamer than Mizuki thought. Yeah, she could see why her daughter was giggling like a goblin then—she was probably torturing some NPCs in the most creative ways imaginable. Though, honestly, some of them deserved it.

This random thought brought a soft smile to her face.

"What?" Akane asked. "Look, I know you're more of an Oblivion fan, but Skyrim is still really fun."

"No, not that. Just remembering old times." She said. "Where we used to play and beat every game that came out that year, and our biggest worries were about you beating up kids your age and sending them to the hospital."

What wouldn't she do to go back to those good old days? Those were simpler, more fun times. Sure, Akane used to drive her absolutely crazy with how many times she picked fights—the many times she'd had to get her from police stations for her stupid antics—so often that the cops had started recognizing her.

Compared to now, where there were big possibilities that utter psychopaths could very well kill her daughter in cold blood… Well, Mizuki regretted taking those times for granted. She should've enjoyed them to the fullest.

"Yeah, you're right," Akane agreed. "But I know what you're thinking, Kaa-san, and you know? I like it better this way."

"You do?" Mizuki blinked, feeling a little surprised.

"I cherish those memories with you. I really do." Her daughter said, making her heart flutter. "But compared to now, they feel boring. Boring and aimless. Don't take it the wrong way, but it's like… they were kind of monotonous. Were we supposed to do that our whole lives? That always felt wrong to me."

"Well…"

In some ways, Mizuki would have liked that. However, she did understand where her daughter was coming from. Akane was a smart and hardworking person; there was no doubt that whatever she put her mind to, she'd achieve and thrive with relative ease.

Whether she opened a business or took her silly, idle childhood dream seriously, it had always felt like she was destined to do something great. And even if that wasn't the case, they still had way more money than they could spend in several lifetimes.

But perhaps that was why she felt that way. The lack of real risks might've made everything feel like a chore. If she had never gotten involved, then it would have been highly doubtful that Akane would've lived a fulfilling life.

"The point is that this supernatural stuff makes me feel like I'm part of something great," Akane agreed with her thoughts. "I can do amazing things for everyone, not just us, especially with everything you've taught me. Change the world for the better."

There it is. Mizuki thought. I dunno where it even came from…

Her daughter was far too ambitious compared to her and Tatsu. A normal life would never have been enough for her. Akane wanted to do more. She wanted to be more. And Mizuki understood that. She knew that there was no problem with that way of thinking.

"You're right." The mother nodded. "There's no point regretting it now."

But with a past stained with so much blood, all Mizuki could ever want from life was peace and quiet.

"Besides, had we never come to Kuoh–" Akane grinned at the blond. "We would've never met Asia."

"Eh?" Asia, standing nervously before the dinner table, blinked in confusion.

"True!" Mizuki lunged at the blonde and hugged her tightly. "I'd never trade this beautiful angel for anything!"

"Yes, because then it'd be you who would be cleaning the house." Her daughter teased. "Admit it, you're using the poor girl for menial labor."

"Baseless accusations! You have no evidence!" Mizuki defended herself, tightening her hold on the blonde. "I love Asia like she's my daughter!"

The girl in question found this interaction very embarrassing, if her adorable reactions were anything to go by. She blushed deeply and broke eye contact, even if she very obviously enjoyed the embrace. So cute.

"I'm sure you do." Akane snorted, getting off the couch and stretching her limbs. "I'm going to go change. I wasted too much time sleeping, so I gotta train extra to make up for it. Will probably be back in a few hours."

"Aren't you going to eat first?" Mizuki asked.

"I like to eat after my workout."

"Should I save it for later, then?"

"No need. I'm probably eating with the girls tonight. You can have whatever you ordered for me." She responds, going up the stairs. "Enjoy your food."

Oh well. Mizuki thought to herself, taking a seat. Ain't gonna say 'no' to more food.

"She's so diligent," Asia murmured.

"Always has been. To an extent." The mother shrugged. "She can also be very lazy, y'know. I think she just likes playing with magic."

Asia said nothing, only looking at the stairs with a strange expression.

"Come on now. Sit." Mizuki patted her on the shoulder. "I brought so many chicken nuggets. They're your favorite, right?"

"...Mizuki-san."

"Yes?" The older woman blinked.

"Can you teach me how to fight?" Asia requested.

Mizuki was surprised.

"Um, sure." She scratched her cheek in confusion. "Where did that come from?"

"I just… don't want to be a burden." The blond said with a sad look. "Everyone around me is working so hard to make sure no bad person would ever do what those Fallen Angels did. Akane, Ichi, and Issei train every single day, and all I do is heal their wounds so they can train more."

"Don't say that," Mizuki replied. "What you're doing is incredible work. Without your Twilight Healing, lots of terrible things could've happened."

And it, like she'd just said, had sped up the kids' training significantly. Months worth of progress condensed into a few weeks at most. The pace at which they were growing was astonishing, to say the least.

"I know, but I want to do more." Asia insisted. "I want to stay by everyone's side on the frontlines. I don't want to hide behind others anymore…"

Ah…I see. Mizuki thought, now understanding where this was coming from.

Seeing her brother putting bullets in the brains of those Fallen Angels right in front of Asia must've done it. That scene would obviously be horrific for anyone, much less someone as nice and pure as her. She must've felt utterly ashamed that he'd intimidated her so much that he'd had her cowering in fear.

It was also a testament to her strength that it didn't outright traumatize the poor girl for life. If anything, her request was evidence of her determination to be better. Being so thoroughly horrified and disgusted at such a terrible act and, at the same time, encouraged by the work ethic of those around her must've lit up her fighting spirit.

"I understand." The older woman nodded. "Then we'll start tomorrow morning with everyone else. Sounds good?"

"Really?!" Asia's eyes sparkled.

"This is your choice, Asia. I can't prevent you from doing what you want." Mizuki said with a smile. "I'll pair you up with Akane and those other Christian girls. I'm sure they'll be happy to teach you the basics."

"Thank you so much, Mizuki-san!" The blond embraced her tightly. "I'll never forget this, I promise!"

It'll also probably be a nice exercise for her daughter to be tutoring someone for the first time. She had a history of very quickly losing patience and getting frustrated whenever she tried teaching Mizuki how to do certain things or play certain games.

To be fair to Akane, Mizuki intentionally acted like an idiot.

But how could she not when her daughter's reactions were always so worth it?



– Sona –

She didn't know what it was that had made Akane grow astronomically faster than any of them, but at this point, Sona was beginning to think it wasn't just talent. Was it something in the water? Some kind of experiment by the yakuza to make their precious princess unreasonably strong?

Because it hadn't been that long since their big battle, and Akane was already twice as strong as she was. One would think Akane had merely held back, but that couldn't be true. She had been struggling as much as they were. Plus, why would she?

And now, she was handling Sona and Rias at the same time. Both had been under the impression that they were around the same level, only a bit weaker regarding attack power and speed. This was eye-opening… to an extent. Sona still thought it was bullshit and was now convinced that there were experiments.

Being thrown through a hill or two, Sona flipped over and landed on her feet, wiping the blood off her mouth before barely redirecting an ice hammer with her water magic, avoiding a nasty hit to her head.

The hammer then suddenly shattered, turning into several blunted splinters that all struck her from behind, breaking her balance and giving her sparring partner an opportunity to punch her in the chest, sending her tumbling backward.

She coughed and hacked violently, holding her chest in genuine pain. This one hurt a lot more than Sona anticipated. What the hell was that? It felt like an attack that directly targeted her organs.

"Come on, I know you can do better than that." Akane encouraged. "Put your back into it."

"Easy for you to say…" Sona grumbled, wincing at the pain in her chest.

Rias ambushed the human girl from behind, releasing her demonic energy in many blasts. In response, Akane twirled and created a thick ice barrier that blocked all of it. They served their purpose, however, distracting her long enough for the Redhead to slip under the barrier and throw a hook at her stomach.

Knowing that she was much faster than either of them, Sona got back on her feet and charged back into the fray. As Akane caught Rias' arm, fist only an inch away from landing a hit, the Sitri Devil swiped her leg at her from behind.

Akane ducked and evaded the attack, but in doing so, she left herself wide open to an uppercut from Rias that sent her flying upward. Both devils extended their arms and unleashed a volley of demonic power, using their heritage to its full extent.

Bullets of destruction and sharp blades of water bombarded the yakuza princess, but she wasn't going to take it lying down, creating her wings and gracefully weaving through the magic. Akane narrowed her eyes as a white aura suddenly enveloped her, vastly increasing her speed faster than they could reasonably react to in this instance.

In an instant, Rias was struck in the face as Akane appeared before her, grabbing her leg before she flew away and slammed her against the ground. All of this happened in the span of a single second, so Sona couldn't react very well until a big platform smashed into her.

She was fully aware that had she been a lesser being, she would've turned into red paste.

Sona quickly broke through the platform but stopped dead in her tracks as multiple icy and sharp objects pointed at her. The same was said for Rias, who Akane had an ice sword directly on her throat.

"I win." She said smugly.

"This is bullshit," Rias complained. "Your Touki crap is cheating."

"It's my newest, shiniest toy." Akane nodded, dispelling her magic. "Of course, I'd want to show it off."

That was fair, she thought. Honestly, their complaints aside, Sona still appreciated her help. She was dreading the tournament, but she felt much better with her support, from regular training to helpful equipment to even words of encouragement.

Seriously, Sona wished she had as much confidence as her. Akane seemed convinced they would crush the competition for whatever reason. And to be fair to her, she wasn't as knowledgeable about the current devil generation as they were.

Though, when told that, Akane would respond with something like, 'You don't seem aware of how fucking powerful you are compared to when we first met'. Which was also fair, but neither Sona nor Rias were very convinced. They weren't the only devils preparing for this tournament, after all.

Regardless, her surprise visit was very much appreciated. Usually, Akane would train directly after school with her own group while they did so at midnight, as devils inherently enjoyed the night more.

When asked why Akane was there, she shrugged and said she'd only woken up recently. Sona made sure to scold her about ruining her sleep schedule for no reason, but Akane took it in stride. The girl seemed to be in a great mood. Better than usual.

So after normal training for some time, Akane challenged both her and Rias simultaneously. Initially, Sona thought she was just a tad too cocky and needed to be knocked down a peg or two, but had quickly realized why she was arrogant a few seconds later.

She still thought that the yakuza princess needed some humbling, though. Pride came before the fall and all that. And she liked Akane too much to wish her a fall she couldn't come back from.

As the blades around her vanished, Sona sighed. Losing a two-on-one was honestly humiliating. How were they supposed to do well in the tournament if they couldn't take on a single human? Granted, a very powerful human, but still.

"Though, not going to lie." Akane bent her knees forward and breathed as her aura vanished, sweat dripping down her face. "It takes a lot out of me. Probably won't be so useful in real fights."

"Then why use it now? Against us?" Rias argued. "Seriously, I don't think you need it."

"Well, I mean, you two are still really powerful. If I didn't have Touki, then I would've lost. Assuming this wasn't a fight to the death." Akane muttered that last part quietly as she straightened her back, but both devils heard it. She could never admit these things without throwing one comment propping herself up. "But you're right. Instead, you need it."

"We?" Sona blinked.

"Yup. Now, obviously, I can't really teach you Touki since, you know, technically still enemies." She explained. "But I can help you get used to fighting people who are much stronger than you."

"I guess that makes sense." The redhead said. "We don't know how strong the other tournament participants will be."

"And with what we have, it'd certainly be smarter to prepare for the worst," Sona added. "Either that or we try to recruit more."

"Good luck finding someone worthwhile." Rias snorted. "I barely have four."

"Three." Akane corrected. "Your gay twink vampire doesn't count."

"I was counting myself." She said, exasperated. "And could you stop being so mean to him? He's already having a bad time."

"Nothing's wrong with what I said." The yakuza princess shrugged.

"He's not gay."

"He's not?!"

"Why do you sound so surprised?"

"He's cross-dressing. What did you expect me to think?"

"That stereotypes are bullshit."

"Well, they exist for a reason."

"Can we focus? Goodness, why is his sexuality so important to either of you." Sona got in between their stupid argument, rubbing her forehead. "Look, finding or recruiting new peerage members on such short notice might not be possible. However, there's a decent chance that you'd be able to participate."

"Me?" Akane blinked. "How do you figure?"

"The treaty is taking place a few days before the tournament," Sona said. "Not after. Meaning that afterward, there wouldn't be any technicalities preventing you from temporarily joining my or Rias' peerage."

"Now that you mention it…" Rias hummed, then smiled. "Yes, that could work. In fact, it would even be encouraged as an act of trust between the devils and the yakuza.

"Oh." She frowned in thought. "That's true. Probably to celebrate the peace treaty going through."

"Indeed." Sona nodded. "And with you around, I doubt anyone else would pose much of a threat."

"Especially if we include Ichiban and Issei." The redhead's smile widened. "Imagine that! One of us might even win the tournament!"

"I have one question," Akane said, glancing at Sona. "Now, I'd love to join, but if we were to win or at least get far into the tournament, aren't you a little worried that people might think I carried? I'd get most of the credit."

"Not necessarily." She shook her head. "True, some will say that we wouldn't have gotten far without you, but more often than not, devils would assume I have powerful and worthy connections."

"So this is more of a show of political power rather than personal power." Her human friend muttered. "That makes sense. And considering my political position…"

"Your help would be invaluable," Sona confirmed.

"Though, let's be honest, Akane would rather join me," Rias said proudly.

"She would not." She scoffed. "I told you; she's better off with me. Our powers synergize too well for her to join up with a brute like you."

"Too bad. I have way more unused pieces than you." Her childhood friend argued. "Probably enough for someone as powerful as her."

"Quality over quantity, dear Rias," Sona said. "I'm better and stronger than you. Therefore, my unused pieces are worth more."

"Whatever helps you sleep at night."

"Ladies, please." Akane, who seemed to enjoy the scene, got in between them. "We can be civil about this."

Winking at her convinced Sona that she was enjoying the attention for all the wrong reasons. She swallowed a snarky response in fear of Akane's pettiness making her choose the redhead instead. Both Rias and Akane loved her embarrassment, though, which was clear enough to her.

"We still have a lot of time to decide how we're gonna do this." She added. "So let's just enjoy our time for now. How about some sushi? My treat."

"Oooh, that sounds nice~" Rias giggled. "I bet Ichiban would be so mad if he heard about this~"

"You better tell him." Akane snickered. "I want him to be mad."

"You're such a terrible friend!" The redhead laughed.

Sona had expected many things when she first came to Kuoh. Troublesome homework, troublesome and perverted students- and troublesome political complications since Akane had come here.

But a troublesome crush on the most law-breaking delinquent she'd ever seen was not one of them.



– Akane –

Sitting on my bed, I look at the time on my phone's screen, the anxiety of what I'm about to do finally setting in after hours of excitement: 2:55 AM, just five more minutes, and I'm off to do what I've been planning since I first got the skill.

I spent most of last night preparing for this, adding the finishing touches to the gauntlet, painting it, and working out exactly where and who I'm striking. It took longer than I thought, but out of all the regions of Japan, I chose the ones with the least yakuza and supernatural presence.

Now, obviously, Kansai and Kanto are the most dangerous. Kansai has the Omi Alliance and the Yokai running around, and Kanto is where the Tojo Clan HQ is. Their influence extends beyond their main regions, of course, but that's where most of them reside.

A big problem is that both Kansai and Kanto are in the middle of Japan, so they can strategically put their hands on every region with ease. Kansai is close to Shikoku and Chugoku, Tohoku is next to Kanto, and Chubu is between the two regions.

This leaves me with only Hokkaido and Okinawa. And between those two, I chose the former. Why? Because Hokkaido is much bigger and easier to hide in in case shit hits the fan.

One might argue that I might as well go to South Korea or China to avoid the yakuza completely, and I did consider that, but I thought against it because it could be riskier, ironically enough. First, I'm not very sure who rules that region or how they work. I'd be completely out of my element.

On the contrary, I know how the yakuza operates, and I can get more information about them whenever I want because of my position. With the tech I made, avoiding them for the time being wouldn't be that hard.

I don't want to hurt the faction I'm a part of; of course not. But at the moment, they and the Yokai are the only factions I can reliably take from, so I'll do that until leaving and reentering Japan becomes an easy task. This could be the first real test run for my gauntlet against other tech.

Because even if I'm seen or spotted, they won't know it's actually me, so I can just pause my plan, upgrade my tech, and then do it after a few months once I'm 1000% sure I won't be noticed again. I won't be leaving a trail, after all. I made sure of it.

I'll still inevitably be going against the yakuza before I am done, so I'll try to avoid the big shots and instead target the small fry. Besides the former being too risky, I don't want to cripple the Tojo or Omi. I'd rather target other factions, but it is what it is.

I won't go outside Japan, like Russia, China, and Korea, because of the distance and lack of information. I'll consider it once I'm better prepared and can leave the country more efficiently. It's difficult, but I think I'll be able to do it after I get myself used to using Devour and assassination. However, if I were to take my soul-stealing spree outside of Japan, I'd go to Europe since I'm very familiar with the church.

I'll also need to upgrade the gauntlet's cloaking function some more. For example, it can already mask my heat signature but doesn't make me physically invisible. I can do that with illusion, sure, but that'd be too reliant on my magic. I need to be able to fall back on my gadgets when my own power fails me.

Plus, I should find a way to teleport since that would be a massive help with this funny little operation. Beyond getting around the world easily, I'd be able to easily get out of any shitty situation that could end up with me either dead or caught.

That Abaddon Portal power from that blond chick sounds wasted on someone unwilling to use it to its full potential.

God, I'm still so nervous yet excited. The first round of devouring might not yield much power since I'm killing normal humans, but humans are still better than trees. And there will be no coming back from this. From a moral perspective, anyway.

As the clock hits exactly 3 AM, I get up from my bed, take a deep breath, and enter the dungeon. Within the pocket universe, I leave the house and head north until I find the dungeon's barrier, ten kilometers from my home.

"I assume it's time?" Lucifer says, materializing next to me. "...And I see you're leaving rather prepared."

He gestures at my choice of clothing. Cloak, baggy shirt, leggings, boots, my prized gauntlet, a glove, and a blank mask. All in black, except the cloaking device's complimentary edgy red lining. My body is covered from head to toe because if I can avoid being recognized, I will.

"What do you think?" I respond, activating the gauntlet's cloaking tech. "I can't afford to act recklessly when doing that."

"Good." He approves. "I hope it stays that way for the foreseeable future."

I pause as I digest his words. What the hell does that mean?

I give it no mind and ignore his strange smirk. As soon as I leave the dungeon, I cast an invisibility spell for good measure and sprint forward to Hokkaido, ensuring I stay on the ground. I know how good my tech is, but I won't risk the increased visibility of flying if I don't have to.

I would do the dungeon method, but I can't spam it. It has a few minutes of cooldown after every use, and I'd rather not stay in one place for too long. Besides, I'm fast enough on the ground anyway. Might as well.

I silence the sonic boom with an illusion muffling spell, moving faster than the fastest military jets in the world, and arrive at my destination in mere minutes. I've done my research before coming here, obviously, so I know where to find what I'm looking for.

Normal human gangs are usually ignored by the yakuza because, overall, they're kind of harmless. Of course, sometimes they get a tad too annoying, so someone gets sent to handle them and make an example to other gangs.

But right now, there are new up-and-coming gangs. Blood Eye, Blue Z, and White Edge, and all of them hate each other. I'm fairly certain I heard those names at some point when I was in Kamurocho a few years back, but I think they were the guys that got the crap beaten out of them by a yakuza legend fifteen years ago. So bad they fucking migrated to Hokkaido.

…Was it my dad? He was alive at the time.

If it was, then I might as well finish the job.

"This one's for you, Tou-san." I snort.

As I find the building the blue idiots operate in, south of Chitose, I look through the windows from a distance, smiling as I see about a little under one hundred people. Not much, but it'll do.

And, as the polite person that I am, I walk through the front door.

The guy standing guard there looks at me, a bit confused at my wear and shocked that I'd simply be so casual as to walk in like that. A few seconds pass before he gets up in front of me in an attempt to intimidate me.

"Oi, fuck you think you're doing here?" He questions. "This ain't no place for—"

I silence him by thrusting my blackened arm through his chest, effortlessly pulling his soul out of his body. He quickly falls limp with a thump. No cries of pain, no nothing. Like a doll with its strings cut off.

I look at the flickering ball of white flame in my hand. It was tiny, half the size of a table tennis ball, and after a massive wave of anticipation, I crush it easily. I gasp as I feel the very essence of that soul used to power mine—inexplicable emotions of pure euphoria making me shudder as every hair on my body stands on edge.

Without a doubt, even though I don't understand or comprehend it, this… tingling sensation is by far the best thing I've EVER experienced. Something completely out of this world that words like 'good' or 'pleasurable' don't even begin to explain it.

Unfortunately, as soon as I felt it, it disappeared, barely lasting a single second, leaving me in a mixture of shock, pleasure, disappointment, and the immense urge to feel it again.

"H-holy shit…" I whisper in awe.

Who the fuck did I devour? What did he give me?

+1 STR +1 END +1 DEX

That's it?! I felt THAT good for a collective of THREE fucking stats?! That's nothing compared to a single goddamn level-up! You mean to tell me that this overwhelming emotion of utter ecstasy can be infinitely better?

Just… how good would it feel if I devoured someone at my level? What would've happened had I successfully stolen Kokabiel's soul?

"Incredible, isn't it?" Lucifer says, looking at me with a knowing grin. "Oh, I know it well. To add directly to your collective essence is a feeling that is simply dangerous. Addicting."

"Why…?" I ask, genuinely confused. "Why does it feel that way?"

"I do not know." He shakes his head. "For as long as I lived, that was undoubtedly a question I could never answer. After all, we get more powerful the more we practice, yet it never feels as wonderful and empowering."

I look down at the corpse, still in shock.

"If I were to put it into words…" Lucifer puts a hand on his chin. "I'd say it's akin to eating for the first time after centuries and centuries of starving without you realizing it. And perhaps, in a way, that's exactly it."

"I'm devouring souls," I say, catching on. "Feeding my own."

"Precisely." He smirks. "So go on. Eat to your heart's content. After all, who would care about such insignificant lives?"

I mirror his bloodthirsty smirk as I walk over the corpse, activating Devour on both arms. Oh, I'm eating alright. This is the first true meal I've had since I was born.

And I'm about to enjoy every second of it.


Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot, wolfFry1132 and 157 others
Mirlnir
May 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 40: Preparations
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#715
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, Old man of the mountain, UwU



– Mizuki –

"—Up next: The sudden and unsettling disappearance of the three color gangs of Hokkaido." The 3d anime model on her laptop said as she showed images of an office building, making Mizuki raise a brow. What's this? "Lots of my occult-loving fans have been sending me letters, messages, and even images about some terrifying event that happened earlier this Saturday. At three o'clock this morning, people heard screaming from all known White Edge, Blood Eye, and Blue Z bases."

Mizuki leaned forward from the couch with a frown. She knew of them— they used to be very prominent in Kamurocho back in 2005 before Kiryu wiped them out. She thought for sure that the Azure Dragon of Dojima had completely pulverized them into nothing. What were they doing in Hokkaido?

But that wasn't what got her attention. She couldn't care less about what a bunch of two-bit gangs were doing now. What was this about them screaming? What was that supposed to mean? They were making it sound like one thing obliterated all of them when it was more likely that they'd just destroyed themselves in some stupid turf war.

"How creepy! What's that supposed to mean?! What could've happened to them?" She continued. "A few people even investigated one of the buildings, and to make things even weirder, nobody was there! Just what the heck happened?!"

More images were shown, this time from the inside, and there was nothing. No bodies and no signs of struggle.

"What the hell…?" She muttered to herself.

"Could it be?!" The Vtuber said with an exaggerated tone. "Was it some monster or demon that got them? Could this be our first big clue about the existence of the supernatural?! How exciting!"

This… was a little concerning. This channel always showed the silliest 'proof' and 'evidence' that always got a kick out of Mizuki, but this time, this was most definitely the work of a supernatural creature. But why Hokkaido? And specifically targeting a couple of human gangs? Sure, the kidnapping or consumption of some humans did happen occasionally, but it happened to one, five, or, at most, ten people at once. Over a hundred people disappearing like this was too over the top.

The fact that this made it to the public before the yakuza could do anything about it meant that this wasn't their work, and they were completely caught off guard. They occasionally sent someone to wipe out silly gangs when they got a tad too destructive, but they were always way more subtle about it.

Plus, the Tojo had some control over the media, after all, primarily to hide supernatural activities from the public eye. Letting some tin-foiled nutjob theorize wasn't really harmful because they were always ways off from figuring it out anyway, and the mainstream would never take them seriously.

This wasn't their doing. This was definitely an outside party that had targeted something frankly worthless in the grand scheme of things. As far as she knew, the color gangs were just regular humans—nothing more and nothing less.

And assuming whoever it was killed them, then they were either an expert at getting rid of bodies or had the equipment to make a task like that trivial. What was their end goal, and who were they?

In all fairness, while they hadn't exactly done anything that was particularly damaging, this could be considered a terrorist attack on the yakuza grounds. And if an actual faction made this attack, it could lead to war.

Could this possibly be another attempt to sabotage the peace conference? Kokabiel couldn't be the only person against peace. There were probably others who agreed and shared his warmongering mindset. Even though Mizuki doubted they'd ever work together with a fallen angel, the Old Satans came to mind.

Whatever it was, Daigo needed to do something about this. There was a big chance that it could escalate if he didn't stop it from snowballing into a much bigger issue, whether it was an act of terrorism, a new monster, or an attempt to spark another war.

But she believed in him. He was probably sending some people to investigate by now.

"Isn't this the new Vtuber that's been blowing up recently?"

Mizuki squawked, startled at her daughter's sudden appearance behind the couch she sat on.

"Tatara Hisoka, huh…" Her daughter hummed, reading the channel's name. "I saw some of her videos some time ago. She's really, really obsessed with the supernatural."

"Yes, I know, and don't sneak up on me like that!" She complained, turning around to see her daughter in her usual red tracksuit. Her workout outfit. "Sheesh almost gave me a heart attack."

"Really? How sad." Akane snorted with a teasing grin. "If you were the best in your clan, then I guess I have nothing to worry about."

"Not funny." Mizuki huffed. "They're too ruthless to be taken lightly."

"Yeah, yeah." She rolled her eyes. "So, you think Amons did it?"

"Oh, you saw?"

"I've been standing here for three minutes." Her daughter deadpanned before sitting next to her. "God, are you sure you used to be an assassin?"

…When Mizuki had told Akane about her background, her worst fears had been her daughter showing distrust, anger, and perhaps hate. Now she knew that she had been overly dramatic because all Akane had done so far was mock her for being incompetent.

It almost hurt her dignity. She might've sworn off killing unless absolutely necessary, even still abhorring the notion, but she was proud of some of her skills, damn it. She worked too damn hard to get this good at stealth.

"I'm joking," Akane said.

"You better be," Mizuki grumbled.

"I better be what?" Her daughter challenged. "What did you just say?"

"No, I don't think it's the Amon doing it." Mizuki returned to the prior topic, tactically retreating from getting into a fight with the scariest – and cutest – person alive. "If it were them, they would've tried to hurt the yakuza somehow. A move like this is pointless."

Akane smirked in satisfaction, as if she won an argument or something. This brat better not underestimate Mizuki— if she really wanted to, she could easily embarrass her daughter without even trying by bringing up how cute she was when she was a little kid.

She still had an entire album of tiny Akane pictures, and she would gladly show it to her friends if she kept this up.

Thankfully, her daughter didn't try to gloat openly and instead continued the conversation.

"Could be them trying to draw attention away from Kanto." She offered. "Since most of the yakuza would be coming over to Kuoh for the conference soon."

"This is why it's pointless," Mizuki argued. "If I were them, I'd wait until after the conference to be making a move. Or, better yet, in the middle of it. And you must remember, unless they're looking for something else, you are their priority right now."

"Hmm…" Akane put a hand on her chin. "So then, who do you think it is?"

"I don't know." Mizuki shook her head. "Barely anyone would want to fight the yakuza. It's just a waste of resources on every side. Could be bad luck with some yokai beast or stray devil, or at worst, an attempt to stop the peace conference from happening."

"Others like Kokabiel…" Akane grinned. "I guess after I killed that bastard, they're too scared to be taking us head-on."

Mizuki wasn't very sure if she was comfortable hearing her little girl talking about killing someone so casually, but she let it slide. Defeating someone as strong as he was at her age was still a remarkable feat of strength, even if she didn't do it alone.

"Possibly." Mizuki nodded. "Still, I think it's safe to assume that it's the work of a stray devil. A powerful and old one."

"A stray devil?" Her daughter blinked. "Didn't think you'd give those stupid monsters so much credit. I mean, the work is a little too clean to call it a stray devil attack, no? I'd expect some signs of their attack here and there."

"That's why I said an old stray devil." The older woman reminded with a sigh. "Not all stray devils are dumb monsters, y'know."

"They aren't?" Akane raised a brow.

"Why is that so surprising to you?"

"No, but I… thought I heard someone say they're corrupted devils?" She said, looking confused. Mizuki was about to ask what the hell she was saying before she continued. "I dunno, something about the evil pieces doing that or whatever."

"What? No, who told you that?" Mizuki blinked. "I know the evil pieces system is fucked up, but that would make it completely, inherently, and politically inexcusable. Everyone would declare war against the devils if that were the case."

"I mean, the two stray devils I killed looked like monsters," Akane said, surprised at her misinformed idea. "Forgive me for thinking that was the case."

"They looked like monsters because they already looked like that before reincarnation, Akane." She corrected.

"You're saying some devils were just born looking that fucking ugly?"

"Not necessarily," Mizuki shrugged. "Could just be a regular monster that got reincarnated. I hate devils and their shitty system as much as the next person, but they don't exclusively look for humans to recruit, y'know."

"Is that so…"

There was a moment of awkward silence between them before Mizuki spoke.

"You do know that 'Stray Devil' is just a social title, right? It isn't some weird magical/biological condition."

Akane said nothing, but for whatever reason, she did look really embarrassed. Mizuki didn't think her daughter was stupid for not knowing this, but it didn't mean she wouldn't tease her about it.

"Uh-oh, looks like Ms. Know-It-All didn't know this simple and well-known fact." She snickered. "How embarrassing!"

"Be quiet," Akane growled adorably.

"Aww, you're so precious! The cutest in the world!" Mizuki hugged her tightly but then paused as she slowly processed Akane's words. "...What do you mean you killed two stray devils?"

Before her daughter could answer that funny question, her other unofficial daughter walked down the stairs, sporting the same outfit that Akane wore, only blue instead of red. Asia shuffled shyly as two pairs of eyes landed on her, giving them a small smile.

"I hope I didn't make you wait for too long." The blond said.

"Not at all!" Mizuki responded enthusiastically, closing her laptop and getting up from the couch. "You look great, Asia! Ready for training?"

"Yes!" Asia pumped her fist excitedly. "I promise I'll do my best!"

"She's training?" Akane questioned in confusion. "Like, real training?"

"She is, and she'll be paired up with you from now on," Mizuki pointed at her. "You'll be teaching her everything."

"I hope that's okay, Akane-san." Asia bowed respectfully.

"I mean, I'm fine with that." She glared at Mizuki. "But I would've appreciated being told earlier."

"It came as a little surprise to me, too." The older woman patted the blond on the head. "We talked last night, you see. And you weren't there."

"Is your phone useless?"

"Please, you never respond to my messages."

"But I read them, you idiot." Akane groaned, standing up. "Whatever. It's fine. If Asia is up for it, then I don't mind."

"Thank you so much!" The nun hugged her tightly. "I won't disappoint you, Akane-san! I promise!"

"I'm sure you won't." She reluctantly returned the embrace.

Watching this adorable scene before her eyes made the smiling Mizuki wonder how things would have turned out if she'd had another child. Either way, if it were anything like her relationship with Asia, Akane would be the best big sister ever.

Par for the course for the scariest and cutest.



– Akane –

It took me less than ten minutes to eliminate the three gangs. Around two hundred twenty people were gone before either yakuza organization realized it. I was able to hide all the evidence in my inventory easily, from dead bodies to weapons to even the bullets shot at me. I made sure to eliminate whatever could be left to be used as a lead. I didn't have to worry about blood since Devour doesn't inflict physical wounds.

However, what's scary is how that high I felt while devouring their souls made it feel like only seconds had passed. Honestly, if Lucifer wasn't there to keep me in check at certain times, I would've made some really dumb mistakes.

I was completely consumed by the continuous urge to eat more. Gamer's Mind did nothing to help like it was pretending nothing was wrong, even though my newfound hunger was maddening, nearly driving me insane.

It's terrifying.

And at the same time, nothing has ever felt this good. Taking and consuming someone else's essence brings an indescribable feeling of euphoria. I've never taken any drugs before, but I imagine that's how it feels.

But unlike drugs, the benefits are real and instant. Ten minutes and two hundred regular, powerless humans netted me around 750-ish points distributed across mostly the three physical stats. I got this much from just average people.

This single test session giving me so much power is more than just motivating me to do more. I fully understand Lucifer's warnings now. Getting addicted to this would ruin me completely. It would destroy whatever humanity I have left, and while that sounds tempting so I can stop being so constrained by the morals of those I unfortunately care about, I wouldn't be 'me' anymore.

If I'm going to turn into a monster, I'll do it on my terms. I won't let anything control me.

I still can't just ignore this. Devour isn't some kind of boogeyman; it's a tool. A tool I'm willing to use to its full potential. This was the first time I've ever used it, so it caught me off guard. I know I can build up a resistance the more souls I eat.

I think I'll have to work my way up there, though, from normal humans to low-class to mid-class, and so on. I nearly went on a mindless spree after I killed the last gangster, only barely stopping myself from doing something utterly brain-dead.

…I'm still feeling its effects. I've been weirdly cold and shaking the entire time since I made it back— I couldn't even sleep like I'm going through some fucked up withdrawal. It hasn't been as bad after the first few hours, and I've been able to hide it relatively well, even from my mother, but it's something to consider for the future.

All this from ordinary people, too. If I had succeeded in stealing Kokabiel's soul, it could've done me more harm than good. Maybe I really was lucky that Akiyama interrupted me. It would've been impossible to explain anything clearly if I was so goddamn high.

This is really fucked up. I understand why something like this is considered forbidden. Besides stealing someone's pure essence, it's legitimately just fucking drugs, but everyone around you is your potential next hit.

And, in a way, it made me think just how powerful I would be if I theoretically devoured the souls of the entire population. Would I gain billions of stats? Or does it not work that way? If the power of souls really was that strong, then why am I not seeing more people doing this kind of stuff? It's taboo, obviously, but not everyone will care about that, right?

I'm getting ahead of myself. I'm pretty sure a single high-class individual is worth, like, probably millions of regular humans. Now that I know what I should be expecting. Hopefully, next time, I don't get completely fucking delirious.

Sadly, this is slowly becoming the only way I can reliably grow in power. Training quests with my mother and the others are showing fewer and fewer results, and the only way to unlock the new dungeon is to level up—a lot. And to level up, I need EXP. To get EXP, I need to either kill strong things or complete quests.

…Well, shit. Devouring really might be the only reasonable method available at the moment. That's both scary and tempting. After all, I perfectly avoided the yakuza the first time, didn't I? I can probably do it again.

But overconfidence is a trap I'm not falling for. Being careful and prepared has served me very well so far, so I'll only take risks if necessary. I'll lay low for some time before striking again; maybe this time, I'll go in the opposite direction and hit Okinawa instead.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 225

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Juggernaut - LVL 25/100 [9%]

Secondary Class - Illusionist - LVL 34/100 [86%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 31,965 [4262 per minute]

MP - 77,550 [34,440 per minute]

SP - 31,965 [4262 per minute]

STR - 3012

END - 2131

DEX - 2479

INT - 3102

WIS - 2870

CHA - 1846

LUK – 1106

A few more people and I would've gotten the DEX essence… shame. More idiots should've joined their silly after-school club.

Hmm, with stats like these, I wonder what 'class' people would consider me right now? I should be Ultimate, at least. My physical stats seem to be catching up to my magic/mental-based ones, so that's good. I don't have the luxury of my magic strength being directly related to how strong I can punch.

Which is weird. Pretty sure people are starting to notice it, but I like this system stuff better anyway. As long as I keep everything close to each other, others won't see much of a difference.

Speaking of punching…

"L-like this?" Asia shows me her fist.

"Yes. You don't tuck your thumb inside your hand when punching. That's how you end up breaking your finger." I explain before pausing. "...Though, to be honest, I'm not sure if that still applies when you're superhuman, but we'll assume that it does. Anyway, start hitting this."

I point at the punching bag in the facility's indoor gym. Everyone else is training outside, but since Asia is still too weak to play with them, I thought I'd take her inside to teach her the basics. I don't like that I'm pretty much wasting time here, but perhaps making our healer able to fight in the frontlines with us will be worth investing in.

She did not help one bit in the Kokabiel arc, and if she had tried to get involved, she would've gotten crushed immediately. Everyone knows you always target the healers first, so making her capable of defending herself is required if I actually want to use her.

I've been a bit too neglectful regarding Asia because of everything I've had on my plate. Not anymore, though. I still had to check her overall strength beyond just using Observe, because 50 in strength doesn't tell me how strong she punches or how much she can bench press.

The answer to the latter question is around a thousand kilograms. So yes, even someone like Asia can casually break human world records—the reason being her Sacred Gear, of course. The difference between normal humans and anything remotely supernatural is this massive.

Makes it even more absurd that I managed to get anything out of those dumbass gangsters.

"Um, sure." Asia nods.

Asia throws a very pathetic punch, making me swallow back a groan.

"Don't worry about holding back," I say patiently. "This was custom-made to be able to absorb the shock from punching and kicking. It can withstand physical attacks from high-class and below."

"Oh, okay." Asia blinks.

This time, she focuses and hits as hard as she can, but even with that, the bag barely even moves an inch. I grimace as the blond turns to look at me with an expectant smile, preventing me from making a snarky quip.

"How did I do?!"

This is gonna take a while…

"Good enough, I suppose," I respond, crossing my arms in thought.

Her strength and speed, as her status page said, are absolutely fucking abysmal. I can quite literally flick her in the forehead hard enough that she explodes, no different from what I can do to the average guy.

I will say, though. Her stamina is way higher than everything else. With HP barely reaching a thousand and MP literally less than five hundred, her SP is fifty thousand due to continuous use of Twilight Healing.

This could help accelerate her growth tremendously. Sure, she can't restore her own stamina like she does ours, but she doesn't need that as much as we do. The stronger she gets, the more she can do and the longer she lasts.

…You know what? Even with everything else going on, like my tech and using Devour, I'm positive I can get her in shape before the peace conference and invasion. Nowhere near as strong as me and Ichi, obviously, but I can make her helpful by then. Maybe that battle will get her to unlock her Balance Breaker, which I want to see.

Quest added

[Private Angel] - Quest

Objective: Get Asia to level 100 before the Peace Conference

Bonus Objective: Get Asia to level 200 before the Peace Conference

Rewards: +100 CHA, Massively increase reputation with Asia Argento

Bonus Rewards: +150 CHA, [Ki Healing] Skill, unlock affection for Asia Argento

Challenge accepted. Getting her from level 25 to 200 would be a piece of cake, especially with that funny teaching perk I have.

"Alright!" I say suddenly, startling her a little. "I've decided that I'm going to turn you into a physical powerhouse."

"Y-you will?" Asia blinked in surprise.

"Indeed. I think I see a lot of potential in you." I nod sagely. "By the end of your training, I want you to be able to destroy this stupid bag with a single punch. Are we clear?"

"Yes, ma'am!" The blond answers just enthusiastically. "I'll do my best!"

"Good." I smile. "I'll be pushing you to your limits every single day, so I better not hear a single complaint. Now, let's start by weightlifting until everything here becomes too light. Then we'll use the gravity belts."

To my delight, this doesn't intimidate her one bit. If anything, it serves as some sort of motivation for her. Setting a goal can be really motivating, so I get it. Heh, you know, this might actually turn out to be fun after all.

I can only do so much to get her to level 200, so half of the work will have to be on her, but seeing her so excited makes me think she can do it. As long as I keep her this fired up, she might even go beyond the initial goal.

This and working on my new armor will be good distractions. Plus, an independent healing skill will come in handy. We'll see. Hopefully, there won't be any nasty surprises when the invasion happens.

But knowing this fucking world, I would have better luck seeing my dad dig out of his grave.


– Asia –

"C'mon, Asia. You've gotten this far; you can do this." Akane said encouragingly. "Just one more."

Asia, soaked in sweat and red from exhaustion, listened to her trainer and pushed herself harder, squatting down with one and a half tons of weight before slowly lifting it with gritted teeth. Thankfully, her best friend was there to help when her legs became a little too wobbly for her liking, and effortlessly held up the bar for her as she finally finished the set.

"Good job!" Akane praised as Asia fell down on her butt, panting heavily.

"I'm so tired." The blond responded, lying on her back.

But, at the same time, it felt so rewarding. Was this how they felt after a long day of training? She started to understand the appeal and why Ichi, Akane, and everyone else always laughed and smiled afterward. This was an incredible experience.

It was challenging but delightful, for sure. Learning how each machine was used, with Akane teaching her all the basics, was part of the fun. Now, Asia wasn't new to lifting. She always had to pick up heavy objects at the orders of the elder nuns and priestesses working in the church, but those were chores. This was for the sake of exercise.

"Yo, you girls still in there?" Ichiban said as he peeked from behind the door. "Sheesh, you've been at it since forever. Everyone else already left, you know."

"Hi, Ichi…" Asia waved weakly.

"Doesn't concern us." Akane shrugged.

"I mean, that's true." Ichi scratched the back of his head. "Xenovia got pretty pissed, though."

"So?" She snorted. "She can bang her head against the wall. I don't care."

"I suffered the brunt of it." He deadpanned. "She thought I'd do as a 'replacement'. Her word, not mine."

"Haha!" Akane laughed. "Don't tell me you took that lying down?!"

"Of course not. I kicked her ass." He said. "Anyway, you okay down there, Asia?"

"Everything hurts…"

After Akane's sudden promise, she'd set aside standard martial arts training in favor of growing her strength and muscles. Asia wondered and asked why, but her trainer responded that knowing how to throw a punch was great, but it wouldn't matter when everyone was so much stronger and faster.

Asia had agreed after hearing that argument and listened intently to everything Akane had told her. Prioritizing physical growth right now would probably make her a lot more helpful on the battlefield because even though she wouldn't know how to fight directly, she could still help by healing everyone else in case they got injured.

And they spent a lot of time training together. From 8 AM to 2 PM, in fact, spread across several exercises like lifting, squats, running, and so much more. Akane was also with her the whole time, positively cheering her on with every step.

Asia appreciated that intensely, but it made her feel bad. Akane was always giving her things and helping her out, and all Asia could do in return was cook food. It didn't feel like she was doing enough.

But that's why she was training in the first place. To make herself helpful to her and their friends.

"That's how it is," Akane said. "I hope this isn't giving you second thoughts."

"Not at all." Asia grinned in satisfaction. "I really enjoyed it. It was hard but so fun, too."

"Good. This attitude will help you out a lot later." The red-eyed girl nodded approvingly. "Good job, Asia. You've done really well today."

"We're done?"

"We are," Akane confirmed. "Normal people only need an hour or two at most in the gym, y'know? We've been at it for six hours. Any more than that is torture, not training."

This was surprising to the blond. She thought they'd be at it until 4 PM, at least. These past hours went by like lightning. It did make sense, though. Too much work wouldn't be giving her body the rest it needed. She wouldn't benefit from extra training at all.

But still…

"I don't feel any stronger, though." She said.

"Of course not." Ichi quipped. "You need to give it time before you start noticing the difference."

"I see…" Asia sighed.

That was a little disappointing.

"Don't give me that look." Her trainer rolled her eyes. "Trust me, what you accomplished is nothing to scoff at. You will see the difference tomorrow."

"You think so?"

"I know so." She said confidently. "I mean, look at me. Yokai blood or not, I got this powerful in just a little over a month. That doesn't happen with normal people."

"I guess that's true." Asia stood up, having rested a little. "But what do we do now that we're done with training?"

It was relatively early to be going to bed. The sun was still high and it was a Friday, so they had no school to worry about. Asia didn't know what else they should be doing today. Would they be training in other ways?

"Now we get food." She replied, offering her a hand. "I already made a reservation in some pretty expensive steakhouse. We're going to eat until we burst."

Oh, right. Food. Asia forgot that she was starving.

"Seriously?!" Ichi's eyes sparkled in excitement. "Holy crap, thank you so much! Oh man, I haven't had a good steak in forever."

"If you want to thank anyone, thank her." Akane playfully elbowed his side. "She seriously surprised me with her resolve today. She deserves it."

"Y-you really didn't have to." The blond said, a little embarrassed. "I'm okay with homecooked meals."

"Too bad." She shrugged. "You're going to need as much protein as possible. It's simply part of your training."

"Well…" Asia shuffled shyly. "If you insist."

"Alright, when's the reservation?" Ichi asked. "Do we have time to get ready?"

"Yeah, it's in two hours." Akane nodded. "Though you make it sound like we're going somewhere formal."

"We aren't? I mean, you said it's expensive, didn't you?"

"Yeah, to commoners like you." She said. "I'm a billionaire, you peasant. I can literally buy the restaurant's entire franchise."

"Oh, here we go again with this bullshit. Your mother is the billionaire, not you."

"And she's a complete pushover. The money is basically mine."

Asia watched the two get into their usual banter, and her smile widened. Between these two and Mizuki, she never thought she'd find people as kind as them. No, not just 'people', but a real family. Before coming across the Amamiya family, she had never felt warmth like this.

It only served to strengthen her faith in the Lord. This couldn't have been a coincidence but a reward for her unwavering belief and perseverance.

May God bless and shower them with the same kindness and love they showed Asia.

Though, was it her, or was Akane shaking?


– Daigo –

"Have you found anything?"

"Unfortunately, no." His captain responded with a professional tone. "This 'terrorist' is no slouch. They know what they're doing."

Daigo's frown deepened at this. This… could be bad for them. An unprovoked attack like this so close to the conference was worrying. Some kind of a warning shot? He had voiced his concerns to Mizuki just a few minutes ago, asking if this was something the Amon would do.

But if it wasn't them, then who could it be? Why Hokkaido? Why some ordinary human gangs? If it was some intimidation tactic, why kidnap the victims or hide the bodies? It's not like they were going to be gaining anything from that. If intimidation was the point, then leaving the corpses inside would've done the trick.

More importantly, how could they have stayed hidden for so long? Avoiding detection so effortlessly like that?

The fact that they had struck so suddenly could lead to problems. Not knowing who it could be made it even worse, as Daigo knew he was still missing a lot of information. He'd never find the answer to 'who' and 'why', not right now, at least.

But even though he needed to prepare for the conference, he wouldn't just stay there and do nothing about that. It'd be a sign of weakness and could be taken advantage of if he wasn't careful enough.

He had gotten this far and would not ruin what he had strived to build.

"What's our move?"

"Position the Hamazaki Family in Hokkaido. Tell them to remain on standby until further notice." He ordered. "If the situation proves too dangerous for them to handle, inform Kashiwagi-san."

"Of course." Mine nodded, then paused. "Hamazaki Family, huh… So you're sending a weaker family to handle it while the rest of the clan will stay with you in Kuoh."

"Yes," Daigo confirmed. "It's merely a show of power. Leaders can throw pleasantries and goodwill left, right, and center, but none is as effective as that simple act."

Individually, sure, they might be decent and honest people, but kindness could only get you so far as a faction leader. At the end of the day, you'd want powerful allies to help you prosper and thrive. Only being nice wasn't going to keep his loved ones safe.

The moment he was done with this conference, he was going to focus most of his attention on bettering the Tojo's tech. First, he had to worry about the Amon clan breaking in. And now there was another possibly hostile entity poking them for unknown reasons.

Which reminded him to keep an eye out for Tatsu's daughter. As far as he was aware, she hadn't made anything else after her armor, but she was seemingly too focused on her training. He still planned to invest some of his resources into her creations.

The kid was talented, and he looked forward to seeing what she'd make. Making power armor, even as crude as that, was significant enough to be kept track of.

But beyond helping her refine her crafts, her safety was still top priority. He could only hope this unknown threat wanted nothing to do with her because there was a real possibility that they were simply another of Tatsu's old enemies that had come out of the woodwork now that news of Akane's achievement of defeating Kokabiel was spreading through the supernatural scene.

If you couldn't get revenge on him directly, then, well, there was no better way to piss him off than to hurt his daughter.

Here's hoping Akane could handle herself when that eventually happened.


Tatara Hisoka is an actual yakuza character btw.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot, wolfFry1132 and 145 others
Mirlnir
Jun 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 41: Power Armor
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#729
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, UWU



– Sona –

"You're coming tomorrow?" Sona blinked. "But the conference is next week, isn't it?"

"Yepyep!" Her sister excitedly answered through the phone. "I got permission from Daigo since it's Parent's Day!"

Oh no. Sona grimaced. I completely forgot about it.

This… could be a problem.

"Yes, Parent's Day, not older sister day."

"Oh, puh-lease! You know those old coots are too busy to bother!" Serafall deflected. "So I thought I'd visit in their place. Magical girl Serafall to the rescue!"

Sona could already feel the painful headache as she heard her sister's declaration. Why, oh why, would Daigo ever agree to that? It wasn't, in any way, shape, or form, a viable political move. Was he just being nice? If that was the case, then Sona thought he was being too nice.

It wasn't like the conference had already gone through. What would he gain from this? How had Serafall even convinced him? Granted, he did let Sirzechs in before, but that was a one-time thing. Why would he do that again?

Was it because the conference is right around the corner? Honestly, Sona wasn't sure. If it was some kind of a political move, then she didn't see it. It sounded like he just agreed on a whim, or, worst case, Sera had either begged him and embarrassed herself in the process or somehow managed to strongarm him into agreeing.

Perhaps both. Somehow. There was no length that Serafall wouldn't go through for her, which she highly appreciated, of course. Sona loved her sister to death, but sometimes, she could be a little too much.

…She was going to be embarrassing Sona, wasn't she? Oh, she could already see it. Serafall making a complete moron out of herself with her stupid magical girl antics. Why the hell was she so obsessed with them anyway?

'I just like them' isn't an answer.

Still, maybe things weren't that bad, right? For as moronic as she acted, Serafall was still the Leviathan Satan. She wasn't exactly what one would call 'dumb'. She probably knew what to do, right? Yeah, she was one of the leaders of the New satan faction. It'd be fine.

…A small part of Sona— just a teeny tiny part of her made her feel like she was being delusional just to save her own sanity, but that couldn't be true.

"T-that's fine, I guess," Sona said, feeling defeated. "But please, PLEASE don't wear that outfit."

"No dice!"

Of course, she was. Why had she expected anything else?

"Why?!" Sona shouted over the phone, incredibly frustrated with how casual her sister was being.

"Cuz I wanna wear it!"

"Sera, you're going to be in a professional environment in ENEMY territory!" Sona tried to explain, immediately losing her temper. "You HAVE to be professional about it!"

"Don't worry about it! I will be professional," Serafall responded. "It's my combat outfit, after all!"

Sona was always proud of the fact that she could control her emotions really well. She always stayed calm, analyzing the situation and proceeding in the most professional way she could. But when Serafall entered the picture, all that went out of the window.

Truly, nobody in this world could drive her mad better than her own flesh and blood.

"You're going to embarrass me in front of everyone," Sona said scathingly, grinding her teeth. "And I'm going to hate you forever."

"What?! No way, everyone's gonna think you have the coolest sister ever!" She responded. "Nobody can say 'my sister is a real magical girl' like you! Isn't that awesome?! Everyone likes magical girls!"

What am I going to do? Sona felt nothing but despair. Why was she like this? What have I done to deserve this?

Sona, having lost all hope and energy to be mad, plopped back in her chair, a little thankful that nobody was in the student council room with her beside Rias, who was busy with her own phone call. There was nothing she could possibly do to stop Serafall when she was like this.

Goodbye, social life.

Sona wanted to crawl into a hole and cry right now. She didn't want to do anything else. No school, no training, nothing.

"Sona?" Sera called. "Sona, you alive?"

"I'm still alive." She responded tonelessly. "Unfortunately."

"Why do you sound so depressed all of a sudden?" Serafall asked innocently. "It's gonna be fun! You can introduce me to all the friends you made there!"

It was over for her.

"Yeah, sure." Sona sighed deeply. "Are you done? I have work to do."

"Ohoho! There's my diligent little Sona-tan!" Her older sister giggled. "Then don't let me keep you busy! You know, I also have lots of paperwork to—"

Sona ended the call, put the phone on the table, and let out a pained groan.

"I don't know what you're complaining about so much." Rias, who was apparently done with her phone call too, suddenly said, prompting Sona to look at her. "I would kill to have a sister like her. Serafall is so fun."

"You say that because you never lived most of your life with her." Sona glared. "And it's Lady Serafall."

"Oh, come on, we're close enough." The redhead argued. "So she's coming over tomorrow?"

"I don't want to talk about it." She huffed. "What about you? Word on Gasper?"

"Yeah…" Rias grimaced. "He's not… doing well. Something's really wrong with him."

"I thought we had already established that."

"No, it's just way worse than we thought." She clarified. "When asked after he calmed down, apparently he lost control because Akane kept provoking him."

This made Sona frown deeply.

"What?"

"Yeah, I'm not really sure either." She added. "In his own words, she was insulting him, calling him useless, a coward, and so many other terrible things. Even telling him to kill himself."

Sona was beyond confused and concerned at that. That didn't make any sense— Akane had been entirely encouraging to him, as per her own promise. There had been none of the harshness she'd shown Rias, almost to a point where it felt out of character.

And even if it was, everyone knew it was for a cause. Someone like Gasper, who was suffering from severe anxiety, would need a more gentle approach compared to Rias. Obviously, she would show kindness, even if she didn't truly believe what she was saying.

How had Gasper seen it that way? Regardless of how harsh Akane was, she wouldn't tell someone like him to 'kill himself'. That was way, way too much for her, right? It was very odd. Was Gasper really that mentally ill?

"That is…"

Sona was at a loss for words. There was seriously no other explanation.

"It's bad." Rias nodded grimly. "Gosh, I feel horrible. I should've known it was this bad."

"Rias, this is not your fault—"

"No, it is." She shook her head, a pained frown on her face. "Gasper is my responsibility, Sona. I should've tried harder than just letting whatever's bothering him fester. I thought leaving him alone and giving him his own space would help, but…"

Sona wasn't sure how she was supposed to comfort her friend. It was unreasonable to blame Rias for something like this. She wasn't psychic; she couldn't possibly know how bad Gasper's mental state was.

He was supposed to be anxious, maybe a bit depressed, but not… schizophrenic.

"Then you should visit him," Sona advised. "Will Lord Sirzechs or your parents be here for Parent's Day?"

"Not really, no."

"Then take a day off tomorrow." She said. "Go see how he's doing. I'm sure he'd appreciate it."

Rias stared at her for a moment, then smiled gratefully.

"You're right." Her best friend agreed. "Maybe I can't really fix what happened, but I can still show him that I care."

"Exactly." Sona nodded.

"Thanks, Sona." Rias gave her a quick embrace. "Don't forget to tell Akane, alright? She probably deserves to know as well."

"Of course."

It wouldn't hurt any of them. Perhaps Rias could get a clearer explanation from him directly, and Gasper would feel better if his peerage visited him. He probably needed someone he was friends with to stay by his side until they figured out what the hell had happened there.





– Ichiban –

As the school bell rang and the students left the classroom in bulk, Ichiban leaned back and let out a sigh of relief. While he wasn't doing too bad in school, generally speaking, getting A's and B's with the occasional C here and there, he hated science— it was his worst subject by far, only barely ever getting anything above a D.

Frankly, he surprised himself. He had never been a school or educational type of person. He'd dropped out of middle school a year in and barely had time to catch up with the material before getting into Kuoh Academy. Getting these kinds of marks made him really proud of himself.

He glanced to the side, watching his best friend working on her laptop again. Though credit where credit was due, she'd helped him out a ton. Most of their texting was just her explaining and clarifying things he didn't understand in class at his request. It made him feel kind of bad, but she was the smartest person he knew.

Her method of teaching was clear and concise and didn't need several pages to explain.

Ichiban should probably pay her back somehow. He tried offering either desserts or something like that, but surprisingly, Akane would refuse it. Unsurprisingly, she would tell him to add one more day of his servitude to her.

At this rate, he would be her eternal slave.

Which would be horrifying if not for the fact that she was too busy to even tease him recently. After school, they would train. After training, she would go straight to her home and continue working on something, declining all his offers to hang out.

It made him sad and kind of worried. He missed the times when they'd just dick around in the arcade or walk around Kuoh doing all kinds of stupid shit. Akane seemed like she'd been pushing herself nonstop the past few weeks after Kokabiel's defeat, especially after becoming Asia's trainer last week.

It was a miracle how unfazed she looked, but she was probably hiding it. Or, knowing her, likely hadn't realized it yet. Ichiban understood where she was coming from. Though, that felt like the worst part of it.

"Whatcha doin'? He asked, leaning from his chair to see what she was typing on her laptop. "More government hacking?"

Akane snorted. She wasn't, of course. Unless she could somehow do that with an Excel Sheet, but Ichi was committed to the bit.

"I wish. Would probably get me in trouble with the Tojo Clan if I actually tried it." She responded, then paused for a moment before giving him a fun fact. "Did you know that nearly every human government in the world knows about the supernatural?"

"Really?" He blinked. "That's neat. Kinda obvious in hindsight."

"Makes you think what would happen if everyone knew," Akane added. "Probably nothing good."

"How so?"

"Are you kidding?" She raised a brow. "Imagine telling everyone that not just God is real, but so is every other god we 'came up with', from Greek to Celtic. Everyone would lose their shit. All of Earth would be in a state of panic, and no amount of memory erasure would save us from the absolute chaos we'd be plunged into."

"Then why were you wondering what would happen if you knew?"

"I'm not a clairvoyant, Ichi. I don't know what would happen. I'm just giving a general answer through assumption." She shrugged. "I could be wrong. Besides, isn't it interesting to wonder how our lives would've turned out if the supernatural was common knowledge?"

Ichiban paused and thought about it for a moment. Since he had been born with the Boosted Gear, would he have been hunted down by literally everyone around him? Not just devils and whatever else, but also fellow humans?

In fact, would he have been born in a brothel? Perhaps his parents— his biological ones, wouldn't have abandoned him. Maybe he would've gotten a normal childhood like everyone else, wouldn't have had to seriously budget his purchases since he was nine, and just… had a better life in general.

Maybe, instead of being hunted, he would've gotten offers or something to join different factions. Sane people didn't always go for the nuclear option if diplomacy was on the table. Who knew? Perhaps he would've become a real-life hero by now.

If it was common knowledge, then maybe his life wouldn't have sucked so much.

That depressing thought disappeared the moment he looked at his best friend.

Nah, no way.

"I think it would've been awesome," Akane said, and before he could ask, she continued with her signature self-satisfied smirk. "I would've been spoiled way more. Ah, I wish it was that way."

"Of course, that's what matters to you." He sighed. "Personally, I don't think it would be great. For me, at least."

"Really? Why do you think that?"

"Besides being an orphan with a Longinus?" He replied. "Well, because I don't think I would've met you."

Akane's eyes widened for some reason, reeling back in shock. It was the truth—the friends he'd made here were precious to Ichiban. And even without considering them, he wouldn't have ever met Arakawa, the man he looked up to the most—the man who had saved his life and given him a purpose beyond just living and waiting for the next video game.

He couldn't just give all of that up for a 'better life'. Lives shouldn't be easy anyway. That was boring.

"I mean, you could argue I might've had a better life, and yeah, probably." He agreed. "But it's not like I'm not happy with this one, you get me? My first few years in this world might've sucked ass, but that just made spending the time here with you that much more special."

All things considered, Ichiban was blessed. Legendary power, loyal friends he wouldn't give for the world, and a grander purpose than himself. What else could a man ask for? He was happy where he was, and nothing would change that.

"But that's just me." He shrugged, blinking as he saw Akane's face going red. "What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

She was refusing to make eye contact, which made him realize how corny his response had been. Oh, she was holding her laughter, wasn't she? This was embarrassing. Now, she was going to just tease him again, probably for the next few weeks.

What the hell did I just say? He thought to himself, already wanting to die.

"That's um… really nice of you to say, Ichiban." She responded while playing with a lock of her hair almost timidly, surprisingly not laughing her ass off. "...Thanks."

"R-right…" He looked away, ignoring his heartbeat going faster.

…Why was it suddenly so awkward now? What was he supposed to say? If anything, why didn't she just laugh at him like always? It almost looked like his words genuinely moved her, but that couldn't be it. He was being unbearably cheesy, and she probably thought so, too.

She was probably just being nice to him today. After all, for as busy as she was, she'd been in a really great mood the past week. Like, even better than usual. Maybe she just didn't want to embarrass him any further than he had himself already.

…Right?

Ichiban glanced at her laptop, remembering that she was still working on something.

"S-so uh, you haven't told me what you were doing."

"Oh, right." Akane cleared her throat, thankfully changing the subject. "It's nothing much. I was just making a schedule."

"A schedule?"

"Yeah. Since I kind of have a lot to do, I thought I'd schedule everything properly. Helps me be more focused." She answered.

"A bit overboard, though. Don't think you need an entire sheet for it. You're already good at scheduling as it is."

"You're right," she smiled. So here's another answer: Being organized tickles my brain, and I like it."

"Heh, fair enough," he conceded. This was more like her. "So, is there any chance you could schedule us to hang out sometime soon?"

"...When you say 'soon'—"

"After training. Today."

"Sorry. I'm swamped today." She shook her head. "Can't go out."

Ichiban resisted a frustrated groan as soon as he saw her grimace. It was clear that she was feeling terrible, so he didn't want to be harsh on her, and it wasn't like she owed him anything in the first place. It still left him annoyed, though, because he really wanted to have fun chilling for once. They hadn't done anything like that in a while.

"That's fine." He sighed, then made another request. "Think I can help out?"

But he wasn't willing to give up that easily.

"Huh?" Akane blinked. "Well, no offense, but it's not really something you can help with. Too technical."

"That's fine too. Then can I just watch you?"

"Watch me?"

"Yeah, I wanna watch you work," Ichiban confirmed. "You never told me or anyone else what you're working on, so I'm pretty curious."

Akane paused for a moment, then gave an answer he wanted.

"I don't mind." She shrugged.

"Alright!" He felt himself smile victoriously. "God, it's been ages since we did anything fun. Now I'm pumped."

"We're not going to do anything fun. I'll just be working." She tried to warn him. "Maybe after I'm done, but it will take hours."

"Fine by me." Ichiban remained unfazed. "As long as I get to stick around, I'm cool."

"Like a servant that can't live without his master."

"Call it whatever you want. You're not scaring me off that easily."

She just giggled in response, content with letting the conversation die off there.

Honestly, he was content as long as he kept an eye on her so she didn't work too much. He didn't want her working herself to death because she was the kind of person who would do that and not realize it until after the fact.

But he wouldn't lie; he was very curious about whatever she was working on in her home. She'd been very tight-lipped about it before, so the fact that she was letting him see this project surprised and excited him.





– Akane –

With most of my main projects pretty much done, I thought it'd be wise to go back to the ones I couldn't finish when I was preparing for Kokabiel—primarily the power armor prototype I made.

Super AI? Done. Cloaking tech? Done. General training and learning techniques from my mother? Done. I'm practically done with everything I planned weeks ago, so there isn't really much to do besides working on my new armor and training Asia, who, with my support, is making great progress, already having reached level 95.

Now that she's done with normal weight-lifting, we can start the real training by sparring while using the gravity belts.

Though, obviously, it doesn't mean I'm done with my own training. I haven't learned every Amon technique and special move from my mother yet, but I know enough for now since she's trying to take things slow, and I don't want to rush her. I don't need to.

From gun techniques to sword stances to highly lethal unarmed moves. She's taught me more than I thought she would, as I originally expected her to try to avoid the killing moves and focus on self-defense. Then again, the first real technique she taught me was Flux Fissure, which is extremely dangerous.

It also remains the best and most powerful attack I've learned from her. Every other thing has just been regular martial arts moves. I'm not complaining— the Amon fighting style suits me way more than I thought it would. It's really aggressive, and according to my mother, it incorporates and combines the personalized styles and stances of the greatest warriors in the world, so it's constantly evolving at a rapid pace.

And that's very true because when I tried to combine what I learned from her with what I learned from Akiyama, it worked flawlessly. How the hell did they do that? It's like they- or rather, we- are born for combat.

That's also true because, in Mizuki's own words, the bloodline was conditioned to be the most powerful, existing for the sole purpose of killing and fighting. Is that why I was so strong before getting involved?

Back then, before getting any kind of supernatural power, I used to annihilate entire delinquent groups and new gangs solo. Realistically, a teenage girl shouldn't be anywhere near strong enough to beat normal adults single-handedly, much less armed ones with crude weapons like metal pipes and spiked bats.

You'd think it's because of the Yokai blood running through my veins, and that could be true, but the alternative is honestly way cooler.

"Oh, I got one!" Ichiban suddenly says as he watches me build the armor. "How about something that can drain magic from targets? Cuz you primarily use magic, waiting for your mana to regenerate naturally in the middle of a fight might not be a good idea."

"Already planned," I respond, putting the wrench down and picking up the blowtorch.

"Damn, you thought of everything already." He sighs. "I feel useless. Not even giving ideas is helping."

"It's naturally one of the first things I'd think of, Ichi." I try to make him feel a little better, even though I did tell him he wasn't going to be helping. "The thing uses magic for most of its functions."

"True…"

My second prototype — pending name — is just about finished. I asked the yakuza for more of those small generator spheres to make this one, as well as better resources and materials. Whatever junk I get from cars and microwaves isn't gonna cut it anymore.

I got a little manual explaining how everything works, too. Some metals from different dimensions, infused with magic and whatever else. It's surprising. I know I'm really important to them, but a part of me still thinks they are a bit too enthusiastic about this.

As for why I'm letting Ichiban even get a glimpse? Well, no reason not to. It's not like I've tried hiding this. I wore armor in our last battle, so it would be weird to pretend it never happened.

And really, what's so suspicious about this? Besides my sudden interest in robotics and AI, which I doubt looks unnatural. With how high-tech the Yakuza are, you could argue my dormant love of Sci-Fi was reignited, seeing that the advanced technology you'd see in fictional stories is actually plausible.

My talent in building these things is what's a bit suspicious, but it's not like they can make anything out of it.

"Rocket boots?" Ichiban asks.

"Already installed."

"Energy barriers?"

"Next on the list."

"Hmm… Oh, here's a good one." He says confidently. "Independence."

I pause my work to look at him.

"Independence?"

"Yeah. As in, the armor can function without you." He explains. "Like it's own robot."

That… honestly slipped my mind. I was already planning to make an entirely new mech for Nemesis to control, but I could make it so that he could use my armor, too. Not just this one but every other armor I make in the future.

Spread him across all the tech I make so I can have a reliable backup whenever I'm in a pinch. It could be risky, but with how much I prepared with the AI, hacking him should be damn near impossible.

In hindsight, that should've been a priority. How did I not think of that? But at the same time, should I really let Nemesis anywhere near my other stuff? I want to keep him a secret for as long as I can, so maybe it could get risky.

I'll have to think about it later.

"That's a good idea." I nod. "Thanks, Ichiban."

"Hell yeah, I'm helping!" He responds enthusiastically. "Though, wouldn't making an AI for it be really tough?"

This question is really funny.

"Maybe." I shrug, resuming my work. "It's time-consuming, if anything. Not what I'd call 'tough' work."

"I guess." He says. "I wish I learned how to code. I would probably help way more than now."

Besides that being really troublesome for me, why is he so insistent on helping? And why do I always feel kind of happy every time he offers to help? Damn it, being attracted to his dumb ass is enough of a pain as it is. He needs to stop being insufferably sweet. It's bad for my health.

"It's fine, Ichi," I reply. "Having you around is enough. Feels better than doing this alone."

"If you say so." He mutters, and after a pause, he adds: "Still, never knew you were so busy doing this. Since when were you building all this stuff? There's so many different things lying around."

I see him picking up an energy pistol from the ground and examining it up close. The armor isn't the only thing I was busy building. I spent quite a bit of time making other tech, mostly weapons, but all of this was for the sake of raising my level so I could make my own generator.

How am I gonna make it? Not sure yet. I haven't ironed out the specifics, but I want it even better than the sphere generators the yakuza use, so I don't have to rely on them too much. I deconstructed one of them and figured out that they mainly work on mana, though they can work with other types of energy as well.

So far, they're compatible with chemical and nuclear fuel as well, somehow making viable fuel sources around them react and absorb their energy, ignoring any material that is part of the device they are powering. This little device is incredible.

Barely the size of a ping pong ball, yet it can store so much energy it makes nearly every human invention before it a joke. If I were to make a bomb out of it, I could probably wipe out Japan a few times over.

In other words, it has the power of a High-Ultimate class entity. That's even more than I have.

I'm not sure if these things are mass-produced or if they're still new. I don't care how strong the Tojo Clan is; they shouldn't be anywhere near rich or resourceful enough to be making a lot of these. Maybe they have other, weaker versions of them too? That would make more sense.

I have to find a way to recreate this. Better yet, make superior versions. But I don't know how to do that. This thing is already refined to the absolute limit, meaning I need to make a much bigger device with the same kind of refining to hold more power or find a stronger energy source.

How the hell am I going to do that? I don't know. But that's why I've been making random stuff. I'll figure it out eventually— I know I will. Because this new power armor is massively more powerful than the last one I made, and it's completely separate from the gauntlet. So it has its very own generator.

"Seeing the Tojo Clan have really awesome tech motivated me," I answer. "I thought I could do better."

"You thought you could do better than the yakuza?" Ichiban looks at me incredulously. "Are you for real?"

"Yeah?" I raise a brow. I mean, that's not the main reason, but why does he sound surprised? "Why wouldn't I be able to?"

Ichiban looks at me silently for a few moments before chuckling. What's so funny? Is he making fun of me?

"Nevermind. I should've expected you'd say something like that." He shakes his head, twirling the plasma gun around. "Classic Akane."

"Careful with that," I say. "This thing is not a joke. You can seriously hurt yourself with it."

"Relax. I'm not gonna shoot anything." He responds. "This is really cool, though. If you told me you were out here making laser guns and shit, I would've never bothered you."

"Bullshit. You would constantly beg me to watch."

"True." He doesn't deny it. "But come on, how awesome is that? You're not just a regular wizard; you're a tech wizard, too."

"You should feel lucky that you're my friend." I declare proudly. "Tell me, how many people do you know that can do what I can? None. Nobody is as talented as I am."

And I believe that fully. Even without the system, I'd still be able to leave a mark on the world if I really wanted to. The Game just makes that a complete cakewalk. Still no place for arrogance, though. I know when I need to get serious.

"Hey, I ain't denying anything. You're a badass through and through." He agrees. "You could do without the ego, though."

"It's not ego, it's confidence."

"Massive ego." He grins. "But you know what? I like you better that way. You're not Akane if your head isn't so far up your own ass. I can't ever see you being humble."

"You're such a dick." I laugh.

…Fuck it, I'll admit, having him around while I work makes things way more enjoyable. It's not like I hate working on the armor, of course not, but sometimes it gets too quiet, even with the loud music I usually put on as background noise.

I thought I'd get distracted if someone was around, but I'm focusing pretty well, even with Ichiban constantly starting conversations. Maybe it's because I'm too used to my mother entering to be a nuisance for the sole purpose of being a nuisance, then leaving after losing interest in annoying me.

God, I hate that woman sometimes.

Even Lucifer kind of stopped bothering me after a bit. Mostly because I don't respond to him a lot since I don't want someone to see me 'talking to myself'. Thankfully, he's pretty understanding of that.

I put down the blowtorch as I finish the final details, looking at the armor in thought.

"Oh? You're done?" Ichiban asks, putting the plasma gun down on the workbench. "That was quick."

"Not yet, but I'm done with the important stuff. I've been busy working on it for a while now," I reply. "Though I'll admit, I thought it would take me one more day at least."

"Think we can test it out?" Ichiban asks me, looking really excited.

"That's what I've been thinking." I nod, sharing his enthusiasm. "Wait, let me just…"

As I open up the armor with the remote, I get inside. It surrounds nearly my entire body, leaving only my head, as the helmet is a separate piece. Not one inch is left uncovered, and even then, it moves smoothly. I don't feel any resistance as I wave my arms around, walking out of the charging station it was on.

The armor is still an unfinished prototype, so I still haven't painted it besides installing some other functions. The LED around the armor glows blue instead of red, which is the color of my secret cloaking tech. I want to distinguish between them so people don't connect the dots easily, so I'm probably painting this one white. Or any other color that works with blue that isn't black.

I'm also going to invest some of my time to make entirely different mechs for the 'terrorist' the Tojo should be looking for now, my other persona so to speak, meaning I need to start looking for and gathering my own resources.

But trying to do that would be hard. It's not as easy as making a singular gauntlet, which I can hide with ease. This garage is a liability— I need to make my very own base that nobody knows about.

"Hooolyyy shiiiit!" Ichiban looks at the mechanical suit with stars in his eyes. "That's so fucking cool!"

"Try hitting me, Ichi," I say. "Come on, activate your Boosted Gear.

"Huh? Are you sure?" He asks. "You said you haven't installed an energy barrier yet, right?"

"Yeah, but I have an emergency forcefield already made, and the metal this suit is made of absorbs kinetic energy," I reassure him. "If my calculations aren't wrong – which they never are – then this can withstand a few hits even from your Balance Breaker."

"For real?!" He questions in surprise. "That's insane! Alright, let me try it. Triple boost."

As the gauntlet of the Boosted Gear forms around his right arm, Ichiban reels it back, clenching his hand in a fist and waiting a while until his third boost. Then, he throws the punch which I block with my forearm, blocking the hit without a scratch.

The force of the attack almost throws me crashing out of the house, but I stand my ground, only being pushed a few feet back.

"Woaaaah…" He deactivates the gear in awe. "This thing is seriously no joke."

He's right. A triple-boosted Ichi is physically more powerful than I am, meaning that, without my armor-breaking perk, this can easily resist all my blows even before completion. Magic is another story, of course, but it's still really impressive.

I can still upgrade it even after I finish it. More and more as my engineering skills become better, and this is only the beginning, so imagine what I'll be able to do after a single year of continuously improving it.

This is making me so excited.

"Imagine, Ichi," I say, getting out of the armor. "Imagine what I'll be able to do once I finish this."

"Nobody could stop you then!" He says. Having supportive and excitable people like him really is a blessing. "You might even be able to take on Saejima-san!"

"Maybe," I say, looking at the armor in pride. I've really outdone myself with this one, haven't I? "If outside weapons are allowed in that Rating Game tournament – which I think they are – then it's gonna be a piece of cake."

"You think we could join?"

"We might be able to, yeah," I confirm. "Sona said it's after the conference, so there's a chance."

"So that's why you were so busy all the time. You were preparing for it." Ichiban says in realization. "Now it makes more sense."

Well, yeah, but also the invasion, which I'm cursed to keep a secret.

"I guess I'll have to turn up the heat on my training too." He adds. "Don't want you leaving me in the dust all of a sudden."

"You're still stronger than me." I point out.

Even with the armor, I don't think I'd be able to defeat Ichiban's Balance Breaker just yet. Unless I use Excelsis, but obviously, I won't do that in a fucking spar.

"Yeah, for now." He snorts. "What makes you think that'll always be the case? I gotta keep it up if I don't want you getting ahead of me."

"You better," I smirk competitively. "I don't want my only rival to slack off. If you do, I'll beat your ass."

Sorry, Sona. You're great, but you don't qualify as a genuine rival.

"And I'm counting on you to do that." He takes it in stride.

Poor Ichi. He doesn't know about my broken Devour doing incredible work for me in literally just a day. I might not have gone on any other sprees yet, but really, that's only because I'm biding my time and planning my next hit.

I don't want to rush things, after all. Not when it's something as risky as devouring souls. In fact, I might not even do anything until after the invasion. Sounds stupid until you realize that the invasion is quite literally a free, all-you-can-eat buffet.

Everyone will be too busy fighting; it should be too chaotic for anyone to notice me eating the souls of my enemies. And not stupid, normal humans that give one or two stats in total. But actual, high-class combatants and above. The amount of stats and perks I'd get from them would be enormous.

Hundreds, thousands, maybe even tens of thousands. I'll be able to upgrade my Devour at such a rapid pace that my growth will become exponential. Perhaps I might not even need the armor or Nemesis anymore.

The only possible issue with that plan would be trying to hide my power level after the battle is done, but that shouldn't be much of a problem. I'm way better at regulating my mana than I was before. It will be easy.

…I do not feel the weird withdrawal symptoms from the day after my first devouring spree anymore, but the thought still almost makes me salivate. I feel like I'm starving.

So I might as well let him enjoy the time being the strongest in our group. It's not like I'm that annoyed about it, and it won't take a while for me to catch up and surpass him anyway.

After all, cheating is only wrong when you're caught.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot, wolfFry1132 and 156 others
Mirlnir
Jun 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 42: Tension Before Tranquility
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#737
Edited by: Priapus, Old man of the mountain, Marethyu, Bluwuh


Opening the windows of her room, Mizuki enjoyed the warm sunlight fresh out of a shower, still in her white bathrobe. Contrary to what most would expect, she enjoyed this warmer weather far more than a typical freezing day in the middle of January.

It was ironic, considering her blood ties to a creature of ice and snow. She loved enjoying her time on the beach on a hot summer day way more than a boring cold night that she couldn't even feel anyway. To Mizuki, cold days never really existed.

Maybe that was why? She never related to the average person when it came to cold temperatures. Or rather, could never relate to them. Honestly, she didn't know. She enjoyed summer more than winter, and that was that.

"Hmm…" She sighed to herself. "Maybe we should travel this summer vacation…"

It'd certainly been a while since she and Akane had left Japan. Perhaps they should take a break from all the chaos here, even though it'd been relatively calm the past week or two. Still, maybe a place where they could rest their minds and bodies for a few days would be nice.

Her daughter probably needed it more than she realized. That workaholic spending all her day in the garage was a problem. Besides school and training, she never left the house, staying there to build that power armor of hers.

Mizuki tried to get her out of there a few times but to no avail. Even from Akane, it was somewhat unreasonable. It almost felt like she knew something that they didn't—as if this armor had to be made soon.

She didn't know if that was true or if she was being way off, but that's what it felt like on some days. Akane looked… paranoid. Or troubled, to be more accurate. But there was no reason to feel that way, right? At least from her perspective.

Akane would only prepare this much if she was aware that something bad would happen, and considering how cocky she could be…

Could she be taking Mizuki's warning about the Amon Clan so seriously that it was worrying her to this degree? No, that couldn't be it. It almost felt like Akane knew something would happen as if she knew when they would attack.

That should be impossible. For how intelligent her daughter was, she couldn't have figured anything out about the Amon Clan so quickly. None of them had any reliable information, not even Mizuki, after considering how much they could've changed over the years.

Just… what was wrong with her daughter? From her rare empty looks, the strange way her magic grew, her sudden skills and knowledge in mechanics and engineering, and now this random danger sense. Was Akane even aware of these things? If yes, why was she hiding them?

Mizuki shook her head. No, she shouldn't be thinking that way. Akane's secrets were hers to tell, and so far, they hadn't been destructive in any capacity. Mizuki had learned her lesson: She shouldn't stick her nose in her daughter's business.

…She didn't want Akane to look at her that way again.

Speaking of, Mizuki should wake her up now. They couldn't miss Parent's Day this year, too. Honestly, that girl had embarrassed her in front of teachers enough times. She couldn't let it happen again.

Still in her bathrobe, Mizuki walked downstairs, knowing that Akane wasn't in her room. She'd probably pulled another all-nighter to work on her armor, meaning she was either still working or she'd fallen asleep on the desk.

She opened the door to Akane's workshop, sighing deeply as her latter guess was correct. Her daughter was slumped over her desk with her tools lying everywhere. The headphones beside her were still emitting heavy metal that she somehow slept through.

Before Mizuki woke her, she paused, spotting Icchan snoring on a chair. So he'd kept her company throughout the day? She thought he'd leave earlier, not stay here the entire night.
Still, it brought a smile to her face. What a nice kid.

Her gaze then wandered to the armor Akane made. Curiously, Mizuki examined it up close, checking its quality. So her daughter had finished it already? She'd heard them play around with it a few times last night.

"Heeeh…" Mizuki hummed. "She worked hard on this, alright."

Mizuki was by no means a mechanic. She'd grown up around a lot of futuristic tech and used a lot in her time as an assassin, but that was never what she excelled in. However, she knew great technology when she saw it. This… this was up there.

It wasn't Amon or Tojo level, but frankly, the fact that Akane was able to create something like this mostly on her own was something incredible. Sure, she'd had a lot of high-quality resources handed to her on a silver platter, but still…

…Honestly, Mizuki wasn't sure if she should feel proud of Akane or scared for her. This sudden talent for engineering had come out of nowhere and seemed to relate to how odd she sometimes acted.

At least this thing would keep her safe in case she got attacked. Combined with Akane's strength, even the Amon Clan would think twice before trying to start shit with her. For as weird as she was sometimes, she'd never join them.

After all, she hated being ordered around.

Mizuki turned on the lights and talked ever so quietly…

"Wake up. You'll be late for school."

They didn't wake up. Of course, they didn't. She didn't want them to wake up like this. Tsk tsk, this was no fun. It needed a special Mizuki twist because if not, they'd simply go back to sleep the moment she left the garage. She couldn't have that.

"Oh well, I tried." Mizuki shrugged, creating a megaphone using her ice. "You better not complain~"

Mizuki cleared her throat, approached her daughter, and took a deep breath.

"WAKE UP!"

Both flinched and fell over their chairs, and Akane was about to get ready for a fight before laying eye on her grinning mother, who still had to dodge an ice projectile regardless. The huge, shit-eating grin never left her face. She absolutely loved how her daughter reacted.

"What the fuck is wrong with you, you stupid bitch?!"

"Tsk tsk. How rude of you, daughter of mine. When will you learn? I'm your mother." Mizuki responded haughtily, not really bothered. "I deserve respect. You should say something like 'Good morning, Okaa-san! I love you! Would you like some coffee?'. In fact, I demand it. It's my right as the greatest mother in the world."

"All you'll get is an icicle rammed up your ass if you do that shit again," Akane said simply, standing up.

Messing with her never got old.

"Ugh…" Ichiban groaned, still on the ground. "Where am I?"

Akane blinked and looked at him, taking a few seconds to process his existence. Mizuki found their confusion and reaction to the situation endlessly amusing, so she stayed silent and waited for her daughter to figure it out first.

Akane clicked her tongue, and her scowl dropped. From the looks of it, she understood the situation clearly now.

"Did I fall asleep?" Ichiban muttered.

"We did," Akane answered. "What time is it?"

"Thirty minutes before school," Mizuki responded, shattering the megaphone into tiny particles. "You have enough time to take a shower. We don't want to be late for Parent's Day. You too, Icchan. "

"Me?" He blinked.

"Yup. There's a guest restroom with a shower installed." She nodded. "Use that."

"What? But why?" He asked, confused. "I mean, I don't have a 'parent' to go with."

"Aww, poor thing," Mizuki said sympathetically. "Don't worry! I'll be your parent today!"

"Er, no, it's fine." Ichi declined the offer, making her tilt her head. Why was he refusing? "I, uh, I'd rather… use that time to study or train, y'know?"

Ahhh, I see. Mizuki thought. He's just being nice—such a great kid.

"Nonsense!" She rejected his rejection. "An adult needs to be there for you, and I shall gladly volunteer!"

For some reason, the declaration, which was supposed to make Ichiban cry tears of joy and gratitude that he had the most fabulous auntie around, made him look dejected if his depressed sigh was anything to go by.

"What's wrong, Ichi?" Akane smirked at him. "I thought you loved school."

Ichiban said nothing, but he glared at Akane.

"Yeah, what's with this reaction?" Mizuki raised a brow. "You should feel thankful you have someone as awesome as me go with you. Are you sick?"

"No, I'm fine." He responded. "...Thanks, Mizuki-san."

"Any time!" she gave him a thumbs-up. "Now, chop chop! Go get ready; we don't have much time. I'll run over to the nearest shop to get Icchan some clothes. In the meantime, wash up."

"Is this Parent's Day thing really necessary?" Akane asked. "I'd rather stay here and continue tinkering."

"Of course it is," Mizuki argued. "As your parent, it's my responsibility to see how well you're doing in school."

"Which is also unnecessary."

"Education is always necessary," the mother disagreed. "Even if you know everything about the material, discipline is another thing entirely. We're going, and that's final."

Knowing arguing would get her nowhere, Akane huffed. That's right. Mizuki was still the mother here, and while she could easily tolerate her daughter's disrespect and rebellious attitude — Honestly finding it hilarious — she knew when to put her foot down.

She hoped her daughter hadn't caused too much trouble this year. Just because she hadn't heard about Akane getting into another fight didn't mean she wouldn't become a nuisance to the teachers.

And keeping a closer eye on that devil-infested school occasionally wouldn't be too bad. Even if those two heiresses weren't as bad as their older siblings, it was better to be safe than sorry. Blindly trusting them just because they were Akane's friends? Mizuki wasn't stupid.

While she wouldn't stop Akane from hanging out with them, they hadn't proven themselves yet. She could give them respect for fighting Kokabiel but not trust.

You never knew when these devil bastards would stab you in the back.



– Akane –

This woman does nothing but be a pain in my ass. This entire school thing is fucking pointless, and I'm only even bothering because I started a quest there that I want to finish. The moment that's done, I'm dropping out.

And this 'discipline' excuse is just as stupid. I proved my discipline by easily keeping up with my training and figuring out how to use Touki. School wastes precious time I could be investing in my tech or practicing my magic.

My mother should know that. She's not dumb. I don't know if this was some stupid attempt at holding onto whatever sliver of normality she might still have about something you couldn't fucking pay me to care for.

At least I'm done with my power armor. It should be ready for actual combat scenarios now, so I've finished preparing on that front. I only have Asia to train up, and I'll be golden. Also, now that I can focus on her, I should be done in two days—three at the maximum.

And if everything goes as planned— if I pull off what I want to do during the invasion… I'll be unstoppable. If the threat of Kokabiel nearly doubled my stats even without taking his soul, then I can't imagine how powerful I'll become after having my fill of souls during the battle.

So then, Game, mind giving me a quest already? Seeing the rewards will only motivate me further. Making me stronger was your goal here, wasn't it? I don't know what for, obviously, and I don't trust you, but right now, we're on the same side.

No response.

Fine, whatever. I know you're giving me a quest just as the invasion starts. You can act as mysterious and secretive as you like, but we both know you won't miss an opportunity that big.

"Do you really have to hold my hand?" I ask, glancing at my mother.

I am just curious. Is this an attempt to embarrass me in front of the other students? If it is, she's failing terribly. Because I frankly don't care what random nobodies think.

"Yes. I can't have you running away." My mom says as we walk through the hallway. "So, which one is your class?"

I yawn in response, but Ichiban gives her an answer.

"2-B." He says, still looking depressed. "Why am I even here…"

Heh. Last night, he was bragging about taking the day off. He was so excited to finally catch up on some of the games that came out this year, only for Mizuki to drag him out to school anyway.

It's hilarious. He couldn't even decline because we knew she had already decided to get him out there whether he liked it or not.

"Don't be like that," she says. "Someone has to tell Arakawa-san how you're doing here."

"I can do that myself."

"Wrong." My mother disagrees.

"What? What do you mean 'wrong'?" Ichiban looks at her weirdly. "Are you saying I'd lie? Seriously, what's that supposed to mean?"

She doesn't elaborate.

You know, when she isn't being annoying to me, her antics are hilarious. I guess I can see how Lucifer finds her 'charming'. Too bad I suffer the brunt of her aggravating stunts 90% of the time.

"Alright, this is 2-B." She says, stopping at our class.

"Answer my questions! What was I wrong about?!"

"You two stay here," my mom tells us. "I'll chat with your teachers and be out. It won't take a minute. Do not run away, or I'll be mad, okay?"

She lets go of my hand and enters the classroom.

"...I thought Parent's Day is where parents observe us in class?" Ichiban asks.

"In your typical public schools. It's different here." I answer. "It's just a way for parents to ask about us and how we do."

Which I'd usually just skip and do something else. I actually went to a nearby amusement park last year. It was fun. There was barely anyone there and it was mostly foreigners, so no long lines or anything.

I would've skipped this one if I hadn't fallen asleep. It's nothing but a pain in my ass.

"Then why are we even here?"

"Formalities."

"Right…" Ichi pauses. "You're not telling me you're going to seriously stand there, are you?"

"Of course I will. I would never disobey my mother." I roll my eyes sarcastically. "Dumbass. Let's just leave. I'm hungry, and I want pancakes."

Drizzled and stuffed with chocolate. Maybe vanilla ice cream on the side… My mouth is watering just thinking about it.

"That sounds nice." Ichiban agrees, walking away with me. "I know a place. Cheap, great quality, and like a five-minute walk from here."

"Lead the way, then," I respond. "We're going to celebrate the creation of my first and real power armor."

"Hell yeah!" He grins. "Man, I can't wait to see it in action."

Me too, Ichi. Me too. Just a few more days until its first real use. I really hope I don't end up having it destroyed or something. I don't know what will change in that invasion— what kind of people I'll have to kill, so they might be way more powerful than whoever was in the canon version.

I know one of the Old Satans is going to be there. I think it was the Leviathan…? Ugh, I don't remember. I just know some powerful people are going to be there. But I'm confident. I have everything ready, so the possibility of me or anyone I care about dying in that battle should be lower than three percent.

…Yes, I did the math. With everything I know currently, obviously. Though, even assuming they have way more firepower than I'm anticipating, the chance shouldn't ever go above eight percent.

Unless they have fucking Ophis or something on their side. Which wouldn't make sense in the first place.

"Oho?! Is that who I think it is?!"

The… somewhat familiar voice stops me in my tracks. At the far end of the hallway we're on is Sona alongside a Serafall in that silly pink magical girl outfit with an equally silly wand in her right hand, which she is pointing at me.

"Look, Sona!" She says. "It's your crush!"

"She's not my crush!" Sona complains with a red face. "Could you sto—"

"Greetings, Emo-chan!" Serafall ignores her, giving me a nickname already. "It is I, Magical Girl Levi-tan! We meet again!"

"So this is one of the new Satans, hmm?" Lucifer says, reminding me of his presence. He feels kind of invisible these days. "The Leviathan, I assume? Interesting. She is not as powerful, but she is rather impressive. I could see why someone would follow such an example."

In what way, exactly? I mean, she looks fucking ridiculous. Without her power, I don't know how she could ever be taken seriously. The magical girl craze died about fifteen years ago. She's late to the trend.

"Of all things, Emo-chan is what you chose?" I respond to her, unimpressed. "For a magical girl, you're really unimaginative. At least try harder than that."

Serafall stops and blinks. Seriously, that's so boring. I'm not even 'emo' like these people think. Just because I'm stuck with this fucking haircut for the rest of my life doesn't mean the nickname even fits me. Give me a break.

"Y-you're so mean!" She says with an exaggerated tone. "What's wrong with Emo-chan?!"

"It's boring." I shrug. "Now, you're either gonna call me by my real name, or you're gonna come up with a better nickname."

"Hmm… nah, I like Emo-chan the best," Serafall nods to herself with a grin. "Still, you have the guts to say that to my face. I like it. Alright, I have decided!"

"Yeah?" I raise a brow.

"You have my permission to court Sona-tan!"

"Sera!" Sona squeaks. "Stop!"

She is thoroughly ignored.

"As for you!" She points at Ichiban, who flinches. "You shall be… Shrublord!"

Incredible. Fucking Shrublord. Why haven't I thought of that before? Hell, why does he get the hilarious nickname while I get the boring one? Not fair.

"Why?!" He complains. "I don't even have the afro anymore!"

"Hmm, true." She strikes a very exaggerated thinking pose before snapping her fingers. "I know! Just bring it back!"

"I will not."

"Oh, come on, it suits you," I say. "I think it makes you look handsome."

"Exactly!"

"You are NOT talking me into this!" He vehemently refuses. "Fuck off!"

Shame. I was being genuine.

"Pff, boring." Serafall huffs. "Whatever. I'm still calling you that."

"Sera, please, let's just go." Sona whines. "I can't take this anymore."

"But we just got here." Her sister blinks. "And I haven't really talked to Emo-chan all that much. I wanna know more about the person who beat Kokabiel."

"It was a team effort," I say. "We wouldn't have made it without Rias or your sister."

"Is that so?" She grinned, whispering the next sentences very loudly. "See, Sona-tan? Just a few words, and she'll be yours. She's obviously head over heels for you."

I don't know if seeing Sona on the verge of breaking down is funny or if the implication of that is kind of creepy. I ignore the latter in favor of the former, smirking at the suffering Sitri Heiress. It's not even a secret anymore, is it?

"She can hear you." Sona grounds out. "Just shut up. Let's go somewhere else."

"Ugh, you're no fun." Serafall rolls her eyes, patting me on the shoulder. "Anyway, nice to see you again, Emo-chan! Hopefully, we can talk soon! I wanna know more about Sona-tan's crush!"

"For the last time, she's not my—"

Sona couldn't even get her words of denial out before I felt a sudden gust of wind from behind, causing some of the windows to crack. I blink, and suddenly, my mother is right between me and Serafall, pulling the Leviathan Satan's arm off me and holding it tightly.

The mirthful mood is turned upside down as the students and their parents flinch, stopping all motion in the hallway. Serafall's perpetual grin is dropped, replaced with a surprised frown, while Ichi and I step back in shock.

Her hair has changed, turning white with a few locks of black hair remaining, signaling her poor control over her power because the overwhelming killing intent I could sense from her would've knocked me out had it been directed at me.

What the hell is that? I couldn't even sense her just now. It's like she teleported. I bring up her stats in the heat of the moment, seeing all question marks.

And this look on her face— this cold, unbridled fury in her eyes… I've never seen anything like this from her; even when she was mad at me that one time, she never showed an ounce of this anger.

"Hands off my daughter." She says in a tone that sends shivers down my spine.

Serafall flinches, seemingly intimidated, as her arm begins to freeze over slowly. She swallows dryly and pulls her arm away, looking at my mother in a mixture of surprise, discomfort, and… sadness? Guilt?

Huh…

"...Sorry." She mutters quietly, taking Sona's hand. "Come on, let's go."

The two devils leave quietly, but not before Sona and I exchange a look of concern and confusion. I know my mother hates devils, but to show a reaction like that… I've never seen her this mad before. It felt like she was on the verge of attacking Serafall, which may have been true.

She always acts stupid and silly; sometimes, I start doubting this Amon business. Or, well, more accurately, it made me think she only exaggerated things. This finally convinces me that my mother was a legend herself. That everything she told me was 100% true.

The best in her clan, she said. The most powerful Amon agent that had ever existed. Possibly the best assassin that had ever existed. Imagining being the target of her hate and anger is kind of terrifying.

"M-Mizuki-san?" Ichiban says, just as intimidated as I am, apparently. "Are you okay?"

She doesn't say anything for a moment, but I hear her taking a breath before turning around to look at us properly, grinning from ear to ear.

"So I heard you kids are craving pancakes, eh?" She says, pretending as if the last few seconds didn't happen. "Well, what are we waiting for? Breakfast is on me!"

She takes the lead, and after some hesitation, Ichiban and I follow her. Did she think we'd just forget that? She can pretend all she wants, but behind her cheerful attitude, her fury hasn't simmered down one bit.

Her hair is still white.




– Rias –

Through the familiar hallway of her mansion, Rias, alongside her peerage, made their way to the medical clinic. The servants she saw on the way would bow in her presence, and even though Rias never cared much about being… 'overly respected' like her parents, she had gotten used to it.

And it wasn't like they treated them wrong. If anything, most, if not all, servants were happy to see her, as she'd built quite a good reputation with them. Their bows and greetings were out of genuine respect. Rias could be proud of that, at least.

While she would usually wave back and smile, Rias wasn't feeling very good right now. She resisted a grimace as she saw her mother right around the corner, standing in front of the door. Not her…

"Rias." She started. "What took you so long?"

"I was having a talk with Sirz— Lord Lucifer. About the peace conf–"

"That's not what I'm asking." Venelana cut her off. "You should've been checking on your Bishop days ago. It's not something to hold off on."

"I-I know that," Rias responded. "I thought he needed a little space."

"Ridiculous excuse," her mother scoffed. "A member of your peerage loses control and attacks an important figure of the Tojo Clan, yet you still treat him like a child? He needs to be punished, Rias, not coddled, especially after the nonsense he keeps spewing."

"That is not how we treat our peerages." She argued. "You taught me to be kind to them."

"I taught you to be fair and strict." Venelana deflected. "Kindness has a limit. You cannot forgive and forget every mistake they make. You have a responsibility, Rias. You're the heiress of the Gremory clan. Act like it."

Rias kept herself from talking back, knowing her mother would double down. She'd never believed Gasper's anxiety problems, thinking he was just lazy and that her daughter was only enabling such behavior.

…And to an extent, that might've been the case. Not that Gasper was lying—of course not. But Rias hadn't done much to help him, had she? She'd been afraid, admittedly. She thought forcing things on him would only worsen the situation.

But that never meant Rias couldn't have tried to help, right? She should've tried harder. Gasper was her responsibility. Letting his issues get to that level wouldn't have happened had she been a better King.

She would never punish him for doing what he did back there. That was purely Rias' fault, if anything— having ignored the kid's problems for so long when she could've helped wasn't his mistake. He didn't know any better.

"...Sorry, mother," Rias muttered, casting her gaze down.

"I don't want a 'sorry', Rias," Venelana said coldly. "I want results. You've apologized enough."

Her mother walked past her, leaving an already depressed Rias in a worse mood. A part of her seriously reconsidered checking up on him when she was like this. It would probably bring the whole mood down.

Rias looked to her left as she felt Akeno's hand on her shoulder. Her Queen gave her an encouraging smile and nod, prompting the redhead to shake those terrible thoughts out of her head. No, she couldn't put this off any longer. She needed to check up on her friend right here and right now.

"Koneko and I will go in," Rias said. "Akeno, Kiba. You two wait here. We don't want to overwhelm him."

"Understood," Akeno said.

With that, Rias placed a hand on the doorknob, slowly opening the door as to not startle the boy, and went inside with her Rook. Gasper was on the bed, covered by the blanket and unmoving until he heard the creak of the door being opened.

The two girls entered the medical room and closed the door behind them as Gasper faced them properly. All the wounds Akane had inflicted on him were healed without leaving a single scar.

Several emotions were present on his face—confusion, relief, happiness, shock, and… fear.

"Hey." Rias started with a gentle tone. "It's good to see you doing well, Gasper."

Gasper said nothing for a moment. He broke eye contact, curling up in a ball as he stared at his bed with a very confused and scared look.

"I-I'm not doing well…" He whispered back. "N-no one believes me. They-they think I'm lying."

Rias and Koneko glanced at each other, not sure what to do. The latter made the first move, getting closer to the damphir. Gasper did not react negatively to that, thankfully.

"Can you tell us more?" Koneko requested.

Gasper took a moment, then nodded.

"A-at first, she wasn't saying anything bad. S-she introduced herself, and that was it." He said. "But I could tell that she was… angry. So very angry. I felt scared. I felt cold."

Akane being angry was believable. She didn't seem to be Gasper's biggest fan, so she could believe that. But to make him, an undead, feel cold? That would mean she was releasing a considerable amount of magic for the sole purpose of intimidating him.

But that wasn't true. None of them felt anything particularly off about that entire interaction. Akane being mad or not wasn't gonna change the fact that she was extremely nice to Gasper.

"T-then she changed her attitude and started saying horrible things to me." He replied. "That I'm worthless and weak. A coward. B-but everyone denies that she said that. I don't understand— I heard it. I saw it."

"What else did she say?" Rias asked.

"...S-she said I was too self-important. That I'd put my contracts over you." Gasper started to tear up. "But that's not true! I'd never do that! S-she was just being a jerk for no reason!"

This left the redhead completely confused when she first heard it. It didn't make sense— all of them had witnessed the entire thing. Akane was being nice to Gasper. So nice that Rias felt jealous. It just didn't make sense.

Was he… seriously schizophrenic? Rias had read his medical report, and this nonsensical and absurd scene where Akane apparently kept mocking him was the only indication. He showed no other symptoms.

Just what the hell was going on?

"A-and then… she told me t-to…" His voice shook. "...She knew who Valerie was. Said she'd be… disappointed in me."

What? Rias was thoroughly confused. How'd she know?

"Maybe… maybe she was right." Gasper sobbed. "You saved my life. I s-should've helped you. I-I should've been more useful to you. But I'm just a weak, pathetic cowar—"

Surprising the other two, Koneko lunged at Gasper and embraced him tightly, not wanting to hear him finish that sentence. She wrapped her arms around his neck, gently rubbing his head as she hushed him, whispering into his ears.

"It's okay." She said. "You're not a coward, Gasper. You never were. You're a wonderful person and nothing will change that."

"B-but I…"

"She's right, Gasper." Rias agreed with her Rook. "Whatever you heard from her wasn't true. You're a great friend and my bishop. I'd never trade you for anything."

For a moment, the damphir boy remained quiet until he asked his own question.

"...Why didn't you say anything then?" He whispered. "She kept saying all those horrible things, and you just… stood there. You watched and said nothing. Did you agree with her?"

Rias wasn't sure how to answer this. Clearly, they'd all experienced completely different events that day. What had even happened there? Gasper currently wasn't showing any signs of severe mental illness unless this was the effect of the medicine he was prescribed, which she doubted because his psychologist complained that he wouldn't take anything.

He said all of that as if that was truly what happened, but it wasn't, making him look like a lunatic.

Not knowing what to do, Rias opted to tell him the truth.

"Gasper, I know you've already heard this, and I know it's frustrating, but from our perspective, that wasn't what happened at all." She said. "We didn't say anything because, in our eyes, she was only encouraging and kind."

"You too?" He looked at them in disbelief. "Why does everyone say that? I know what I saw! She's a terrible person!"

"Wait." Rias quickly stopped him before this got out of control. "I'm not saying you're wrong, Gasper. I believe you."

This made him pause, a surprised look taking over his expression.

"You… do?"

"Yes." Rias nodded. "I can tell that this wasn't some mental illness thing on your part. Something must've caused this weird phenomenon. Perhaps a… third party?"

Both Koneko and Gasper looked at her strangely.

"You think both of what we saw was true?" Koneko asked.

"Yes," Rias confirmed. "There are many possibilities, and honestly, I just came up with the idea, but I'm sure we can find something if we look for evidence."

"Y-you really believe me?" Gasper looked hopeful.

"I do, and I promise, I'm going to figure out what happened." The redhead responded, looking serious. "Isn't that right, Koneko?"

"Mhm." The white-haired girl nodded, smiling. "We won't let anyone hurt our friends."

"Exactly!" Rias grinned back. "So rest easy, Gasper. We will find out what caused this and ensure it never happens again. Leave it to us!"

That was much easier said than done, of course, but honestly? Rias was convinced. Something had been off about that situation. Gasper was still his anxious, sane self, so he couldn't have been lying. Because why now of all times?

And why Akane specifically? Had she done something? No, it couldn't be her. She'd looked just as confused when Gasper attacked. And while she was harsh, she wouldn't do something like this. Besides, what could she even do?

No, it had to be someone or something else. Was it perhaps some weird side-effect of Gasper's Sacred Gear? It was a weird and probably nonsensical theory, but what if it had shown them two different timelines?

Maybe Forbidden Balor View showed Gasper what could've happened? Or something like that? Like, what if Akane hadn't been as nice about this and just wanted to beat him up for no reason other than beating him up?

Yeah, it's an alternate timeline where Akane just felt like being a bitch instead of supportive. But if that was the case, then which timeline was the correct one? All of them remembered Akane being nice except Gasper, but did that mean they were on the true timeline or was Gasper experiencing completely different events?

Had this been happening for a while? Maybe this was the first time it had gotten this bad. Who knew? Certainly not her. This was getting a bit exciting, like a murder mystery, but without the murder.

She looked at the smiling Gasper, who looked in a much better mood than before, prompting her to ruffle his hair.

Rias liked the alternate timeline theory but should probably keep it to herself.

Maybe she had been reading too many comic books recently.




– Akane –

It has been hours since the incident with Serafall at school, and I still can't stop thinking about it. It's been eating away at me the entire day so much that I can't focus very well on my own training. I guess seeing the usually silly Mizuki like that really shocked me. Even though it really shouldn't have. Kind of.

She's been pissed nearly the entire time, and I only knew that because her hair didn't turn black until like an hour into our training. Though, with the way she acted, you would never guess. She's really good at acting when it comes to it.

Or she's good at hiding her anger, if I want to be more precise.

Granted, my training with her was cut short after she was taken to the side by some other yakuza. I may or may not have eavesdropped on them a bit, but it wasn't anything serious. She was just getting scolded after doing something like that in a public setting and to an important political figure.

That was pretty funny, honestly. Somewhat. Hearing her respond with a very quiet, cold, and uncaring 'sorry. It won't happen again.' instead of her usual loud complaining was unsettling.

After she returned, I insisted that she leave early today so she could clear her mind. She tried to argue, but I knew my way around her and managed to convince her. That was when her hair returned to its darker color, telling me I'd successfully calmed her down.

I don't really need training right now since I'm barely getting anything stat-wise. And currently, we're focusing on refining my stance and perfecting the basics and techniques I've already learned, which I can do on my own, so I decided to use my time for something more productive.

Akane: Does she seriously think a third party was responsible?

Sona: Apparently. She's convinced, and admittedly, she makes a good point. I've checked on Gasper myself. His medical report did not sign him off as a Schizophrenic or anything like that, and he doesn't particularly act like one. Perhaps it's worth investigating.

"Heheh…" I giggle to myself as I read the message on my phone. "Fuckin' idiots…"

"Haaa!" Asia roars, throwing a punch at me.

I easily dodge it by side-stepping and tripping her up with my leg, texting Sona back.

Akane: It is a possibility. Though what would anyone gain from doing this?

"Hiya!" Once again, the blond tries to land a hit on me. "Take this!"

I deflect the punch and lightly tap her in the stomach in response, sending her tumbling backward. As Asia's butt hits the grassy ground of our training place, Sona sends me a response.

"You're too predictable, Asia." I criticize. "Simple punches aren't gonna get you anywhere when the opponent is much faster."

Sona: Unsure. It might not be someone. Perhaps a malfunction of Gasper's Sacred Gear? Rias seems to think so, but she is not elaborating.

How'd she get to that conclusion? What's time stop got to do with visual and auditorial illusions?

Akane: Weird. Well, whatever it is, tell me if you need any help.

Sona: Appreciated. Thank you, Akane.

I'm having way too much fun with this. Gosh, a small part of me just wants to tell them that I did it. Imagining the looks on their faces makes me want to laugh.

"Y-yes, ma'am!" Asia says seriously, charging at me again.

I pocket my phone and give the blond my full focus. I've already taught her the basics of martial arts, and surprisingly, for someone who very clearly hates violence, she's learning relatively quickly. I don't know if this is the work of that teaching perk I got or if she has the potential to be a good fighter, but it's making my life easier.

Asia throws a flurry of punches and kicks, which I either block or dodge pretty effortlessly. I make sure that my response is light, hitting her back with quick body shots to the side and stomach, hurting her badly but not injuring her.

She takes it like a champ, though, only gasping and gritting her teeth in pain as she pushes forward regardless. Seeing her progress makes me smile as I pick up the pace, hitting her harder and harder until she starts to slow down, eventually falling to her knees and holding her abdomen in agony.

As I'm about to tell her to stay down, seeing no reason to continue with how much progress we've already made, Asia suddenly lunges at me, continuing the spar. I'm somewhat surprised, but with the gap in speed, she isn't close to landing a hit.

"For someone who's never fought, her endurance is not bad at all," Lucifer notes. "Wonderful work, my dear. You turned a useless weakling into a combatant. A weak one, but not completely defenseless. That'll surely be useful in the future."

…I can't tell if he's being sarcastic or not.

He's such an ass sometimes.

Asia throws one last punch at my face, which I catch as it's only a few centimeters away from my face.

"That's enough for today, Asia," I say. "Good job."

"I-I can still fight!" She replies enthusiastically.

"No, you can't."

"But–!"

"Your attacks have no weight or power behind them, and your stance is a mess." I cut her off, glancing at her wobbly legs. "You're too exhausted to move properly. I like your enthusiasm, but training's over."

Asia tries to say something, but the words die in her throat, so she reluctantly falls to the ground with a huge sigh. She's been at it for hours, since right after we had our delicious pancakes. It's already midnight.

However, I'll admit Asia's work ethic is doing wonders for her. I kind of like her now. At first I viewed her as a somewhat useless healer whose only worth is being an unpaid maid. Now? I think she could be something more.

Because she's willing to learn, and no matter the training I put her through, she doesn't complain and pushes through it regardless. Combined with her attachment to me, I have a very good pawn working for me.

It's even more impressive, considering she can't restore her own stamina with Twilight Healing. She can heal herself, but she's stuck taking breaks every once in a while.

I think I'll have to treat her better and maybe involve her in our hangouts, too. Honestly, all she needs now is to stop being a pushover. I can tell she's unconsciously mimicking some of my mannerisms, like how I walk. It's very small stuff, but a bit more personality might do her well.

Thankfully, Asia doesn't seem to view me in a… romantic light. I think that was the case when we first met, but it seemed to have shifted into 'sisterhood' instead. Maybe it's because my mother practically adopted her.

I'm not complaining. I like this development more. Honestly, I always wanted a younger sibling. Too bad my dad died before he put another bun in the oven, and since my mother refuses to date or marry anyone else, Asia will have to suffice.

"You're so strong…" Asia says after catching her breath. "I couldn't even touch you."

"The gap between us is still massive, Asia," I respond, not sugarcoating it. "You'll get there eventually as long as you keep up this training."

"Right." She nods, not discouraged. "I'll do my best. I'll catch up to you, I promise."

"Looking forward to that."

Her motivated nature is making this quest piss easy. After finishing up with the weights, her growth rose much faster. The gravity belt plus our sparring matches made her way more powerful. In one day, she went from level 90 to 130.

That is massive. 70 more levels in only three more days? Easy. If she isn't 150 by tomorrow, I'll go harder on her for the last two days. That'll surely put her above 200 and give me that self-healing skill.

…Three more days until the invasion, huh?

I feel nervous now, like those funny butterflies in my stomach. It almost makes me want to tell my mother or someone else about it so we can prepare better. But I can't do that. Not only is it stupid to compromise my last bit of metaknowledge, but it'll also prevent me from using Devour to its full extent.

I have to live with this alone. For my sake.

Because if everything goes according to plan, then I won't need the yakuza after the invasion. With all the stats and powers I'll get alongside Excelsis, I'll be utterly unstoppable. No one will be able to threaten me.

No one.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, A Simurgh Plot, wolfFry1132 and 147 others
Mirlnir
Jul 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 43: Treaty
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#748
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, Bluwuh


– Azazel –

Sitting next to his second-in-command, he scanned the conference room—repurposed from a simple student council room. Of course, it was a temporary measure, but it looked surprisingly organized for an event as big as this.

Azazel had never personally visited the academy, so he wasn't sure if it always looked like this or if this was the yakuza's work. After all, Kuoh Academy itself was a very prestigious school. Graduating from it would land you a cushy job relatively easily if you were a normal human.

His eyes then wandered to the participants, one of which he hadn't quite expected. Firstly, he and Shemhazai were here to represent the Grigori, Sirzechs, and Serafall, who were on the opposite side of the long table representing the devils.

Micheal, the current leader of the angels, and Gabrial, who was stuffed in a suit of metal armor for whatever reason, were the voices of the Angels. Azazel's eyes narrowed as he looked at his older brother, feeling his fist clench.

Azazel knew what this pigeon bastard was hiding. Taking the seat of their father meant that he couldn't fall no matter what, but only he and the rest of the archangels knew that so that made hiding his atrocities incredibly easy.

This… was not the Micheal he had once known. Killing recently fallen angels, letting the corruption in the church fester, and actively supporting their heinous, vile projects and experiments on children…

Azazel tore his gaze away from him and calmed himself down, then looked at the human representatives. Daigo and Mine as the Tojo Clan, and finally…

He looked at the big yakuza— a blond man with a scar over his face. Representative of the Omi Alliance and its current chairman, Ryuji Goda. But that wasn't what Azazel was surprised about as he looked at who was sitting beside him.

A very beautiful blond woman with fox ears and golden eyes wearing a yellow kimono— The Great Nine-Tails of Kyoto and the leader of the west Yokai faction. It was none other than Yasaka.

So, the rumors were true. Azazel looked at the blond pair. She did marry a yakuza.

It would make sense. Once upon a time, the Omi Alliance and the Kyoto Yokai had been at war until suddenly, everything had gone quiet, and the fighting had stopped. He supposed that to stop their people from killing each other, one of them had proposed an arranged marriage. Seemingly held in secret seeing that only rumors were spread about it.

It was surprising, though. He wouldn't have expected either of these two to accept such terms, especially not Yasaka. Then again, Azazel didn't know the details, so something must've happened. Frankly, he hadn't invested that much in Japan until recently.

Specifically, Tatsu's girl. He didn't know why, but something about her worried him. It was in the way she'd blown Kokabiel's head up to stop him from saying what he wanted to say, as if to prevent him from spilling certain secrets she tried to keep.

The fact that she had readily killed someone of Kokabiel's importance, even knowing the possible political ramifications, was strange. He knew the girl wasn't stupid. Just what was she trying to do back then?

But he digressed.

Shame. He thought, giving Yasaka one last glance. I thought she was still single.

"Something caught your eye, Azazel?" The Nine-Tails smiled as she spotted his gaze.

"I'm merely surprised." He responded with a relaxed grin. "I did not expect I'd see you here."

"But of course." She said. "Japan is my home, after all. It's only natural I'd oversee this treaty myself."

"Yasaka-san has a significant hold on Japan. Specifically, she's the undisputed ruler of Kyoto." Mine explained. "And now, considering her relationship with Ryuji Goda, she's the co-leader of Kansai and southern Japan. She has as much right to be in this room as you."

"Woah, now. No need to be so passive-aggressive." Azazel chuckled. "You won't see me complaining about a pretty lady being in the same room as me."

This comment made Yasaka give him a flat look as the giant yakuza's permanent scowl deepened.

"Oh, no offense, Mr. Goda." He quickly added. "I only say it as I see it."

"This is not helping your case." Shemhazai sighed tiredly.

"Classic Azazel. Pissing everyone off merely by existing." Serafall said, shaking her head with an exaggerated sigh. "Maybe you should just go home. You're bothering people."

"Rude. I thought magical girls were supposed to be kind."

"They're also supposed to wipe out annoying pests like you." She shrugged with that casual response. "I'm just breaking the rules for today."

"How violent." Azazel laughed, taking it in stride. "But if it's you, then I'll gladly accept punishment."

"Ew, you're so creepy!" Serafall shivered, leaning on her amused partner. "Sirzechs, kick his ass!"

"You truly never change, huh?" His older brother said with a soft smile. "It has been a while, Azazel. It's good to see you again."

"You'd see me more if you'd just get off your ass and, what do kids say these days? Touch grass?" Azazel shot back without hesitation. "But I guess that chair is too cushy for you to do that, hmm?"

Micheal's smile dropped, replaced with a 'guilty' expression. Everyone in this room was aware of their father's death— the yakuza only recently knew about it due to Kokabiel opening his big mouth near an associate of theirs.

Presumably, this information had reached Yasaka's ears if her unsurprised look was anything to go by. It was annoying— something like this was strictly classified between the leaders of the three biblical factions. Others weren't supposed to know.

…After all, something like that didn't make them look weak— it made them look crippled. Without his father around, this automatically made the angels far less powerful than they looked, and, by extension, the Grigori and the devils weren't as strong.

Most were working under the assumption that the Grigori and the Devils had enough manpower to rival an albeit injured God. But now that the cat was out of the bag… They didn't have such luxury anymore.

The yakuza and the yokai should be far more aggressive in their stances now that they were in the know.

"But we're not children anymore. Arguing about such things is pointless." Azazel glanced at Daigo. "If it's alright, I'd like to make the first proposition."

Daigo nodded.

"First, I'd like to thank everyone here for coming." Daigo started. "The past few weeks have been tense and stressful for most, with several attempts at preventing this treaty from finalizing, but that ends today."

Azazel wasn't sure if this was a shot at him, but honestly, he deserved it. He should've had better control over his dumbass subordinates.

"Azazel-san, you may begin."

"Thank you." He looked at the leaders of Japan. "Mr. Daigo, Mr. and Mrs. Goda. I'm aware that you have discovered the truth about Yahweh's unfortunate passing, but this must stay a secret. This is a request from the three biblical factions."

The lack of response from Sirzechs and Micheal was taken as agreement, and there was a moment of silence at such request, broken by the Dragon of Kansai.

"Oh?" Ryuji raised an eyebrow. "Dontcha think it's unfair not tellin' any believers the truth?"

"It'll cause a lot of problems." Serafall quipped, dropping her cutesy act. "Specifically in the underworld."

"As you might be aware, the underworld isn't strictly Devil territory," Sirzechs added, glancing at Azazel. "It's a realm as big as Earth, with far more landmass. The Fallen Angels have their own territories in it, as well as others."

"Tartarus, Nifelheim, Patala, and a lot more." Azazel supplied. "The realm is broken into many sections for every mythology, just like Earth and its countries."

"Implying?" Mine leaned forward.

"If other factions were to figure out Father's death, they wouldn't hesitate to invade," Shemhazai explained. "Alliances could be formed solely to take our land and force us out of the underworld."

"Sounds rather cynical, no?" Yasaka frowned thoughtfully. "You say it as if most mythology would gleefully declare war for mere land. Even without Yahweh, most would think twice before trying such a thing."

"I wish that were the case. Remember, we own most of the underworld," Serafall disagreed. "And unfortunately, we don't have the greatest record of keeping positive relationships with foreign powers. We'd be their first target, and as confident as I am in our military, we cannot defend ourselves against the combined might of several factions, especially not if Hades and Hel are involved."

"Hmm…" Daigo put a hand on his chin. "That does make sense. If it's not to get rid of you, then it's to wipe out the Old Satans."

Yes, those morons. They were the ones causing the most trouble in the underworld, to the point where literally nobody liked them. Ever. They were chaos incarnate, unrestrained, and uncontrollable.

Protected by the New Satans only because of their direct blood ties to the originals.

Yet, at the same time, they were keeping that secret as well. Because without it, they'd be the first to be targeted in a hypothetical war. Rizevim, for as insane and 'whimsical' as he was, wouldn't compromise his and his faction's safety like this. Not unless there was something to gain from it.

"Not only that, but Heaven would also be under fire," Micheal claimed. "My father… I know he had a lot of allies, and many remain indebted to him, but Heaven is an infinite realm. Many gods would want to conquer it."

"But of course." Azazel snorted. "Avarice is a crucial element of any Deus. It's in their very being."

"The point is, Mr. Daigo." Sirzechs looked at the sixth chairman. "We can't let any other faction know about this. It would only spell disaster to territories under our rule. Possibly starting a second great war."

Something of that scale might end up dragging them and other human factions into it. The church was a given, and with the Tojo clan being one of the best weapon distributors with their impressive technology, they might see a massive increase in potential buyers and overall funds…

"...I see." Daigo nodded. "We'll circle back to this conversation in a few minutes. I'd like to take some time to think about it if that's alright."

"Of course," Micheal responded politely. "In the meantime, we should discuss everyone's requests and demands."

But it would force them to pick a side. They couldn't remain neutral in a situation like this, or else it'd be seen as a sign of weakness others could exploit or an insult. However, there was no denying that, currently, the leaders of Japan had the most power in this negotiation.

All because of one single detail. Not only did it cripple everyone else's ability to make their own requests and demands, it practically put them under their mercy. They could do nothing if Daigo and the others refused to keep it a secret.

What a pain. Azazel thought, resisting a groan. Why must you inconvenience us even in death, Kokabiel?

If only he hadn't been so impulsive…





– Akane –

"You know, I don't know what I expected." Ichiban starts as he, Asia, and I walk through the streets. "But I thought there would be a lot more yakuza today."

"There are," I say, watching the crowd of civilians coming and going. "They're disguised. Most civilians here are yakuza."

"Really?" Asia blinks, glancing at me. "But why are they disguised?"

"Because a thousand yakuza suddenly showing up in Kuoh and patrolling would just draw attention," I explain, sipping my coffee. "As for why that's a concern, well, we already established that normal humans knowing about the supernatural could lead to issues."

However, something is bugging me about that, and it's simply the question of how they were kept a secret for so long, especially with how common human heroes were in the past. They must've fucked up once, at least, right?

It's unreasonable to say that the supernatural was able to consistently stay hidden this long without humanity ever figuring it out, not when there are currently many human factions. Considering the world's governments' knowledge implies that other past great empires also had relationships with supernatural factions.

Keeping that hidden for so long just doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Also, wouldn't some people have tried to spread this knowledge around? Not everyone agrees that something this big should be kept a secret, right?

Yeah. This is really suspicious once you think about it. I should ask my mother about this. She probably knows something.

"That's true." He looks back at the crowd. "How could you tell anyway? I can barely feel anything different."

"I'm just that much sharper than you." I shrug. Observe is a powerful skill. "You should try to learn a thing or two."

"Yeah, yeah. Whatever you say."

The conversation dies there as we continue our walk to Kuoh Academy. We're not there for school since most teachers conveniently caught an illness at the same time, so we don't have any classes for today.

Kuoh Acadamy is where the conference is going to take place. Yes, the promised day is finally here; the massive invasion of I-forgot-what-they-called-themselves will be upon us any minute now. I don't know when, but I'd guess maybe in an hour or two when all the conference participants are seated.

I feel so nervous and excited at the same time. Now that the Tojo clan has been improving its tech, I'm hoping the invasion is intercepted, but getting caught off guard might be a blessing in disguise, as it could help me use devour more effectively.

I've already prepared as much as possible, from armor to personal growth to even Asia, who just reached level 200 last night. The Ki Healing skill I got is pretty straightforward. Spend SP to restore HP, which is alright, I guess. My stamina pool isn't that big, but it's something at least.

There's really not much I can do besides working on my magic.

"So, is there any reason we're going to Kuoh Academy?" Ichi asks.

"I just wanna see the big shots." I lie, finishing my coffee. "I've seen the devil leaders and Azazel, but we've never seen what the angels are like."

"Are they even gonna let us in?" He looks at me.

"Probably not. I thought maybe we could watch them from a distance." I shrug, pulling out binoculars from my inventory. "Through a window with this. I think they're using the student council room for the treaty."

"That sounds so silly it might as well work." Ichiban grins. "Let's do it."

"Um, are you sure that's a good idea?" Asia questions timidly. "I'd hate it if we offended them or something."

"It'll be fine." I wave off her concerns. "Plus, don't you wanna see what Micheal looks like?"

"I suppose…"

I'm not that interested in the angels, admittedly. I just think that, realistically, Kuoh Academy should be the safest place once the invasion hits because while that's where the battle actually begins, it also has the most powerful people all in one place.

We're talking about several satan-class fighters and possibly even higher. I don't care who the invaders have on their side— they're not going to win this, and honestly, I think they know that, meaning this is a distraction so the Amon clan can kidnap me or an attempt to draw attention away from the devil girls so they're easy to kill.

If I stay around them, I have a much higher chance of escaping the initial attack unscathed. Of course, once that's done, I can probably part from the leader group, get my armor, and pick off enemy troops to devour at my leisure.

So unless the invaders have someone of Ophis' caliber, which I'm certain they don't, I'll be alright. I'm not sure about Rias or Sona, though, but I'm not worried. They can handle themselves. They're stronger than they were against Kokabiel.

Though, beyond all of that… I want to know what they're talking about in there, so I may or may not have done something risky.

"We will start by opening our borders to everyone present in this treaty." I hear Daigo say through my earpiece. "Allowing trade with us and the Japanese government."

Very risky. With the help of Nemesis, I designed a spying machine using the remains of the Amon tech I had. So small it can't be seen with the human eye and can't be discovered by current Tojo tech. It is very similar to how I made the gauntlet.

In the worst-case scenario, it gets caught and self-destructs. It'll alert the leaders, but they have no way of finding out I've been spying on them.

I'm having Nemesis controlling it right now, and so far, my AI has been a very smart cookie. I trust it can handle something like this. Still, I acknowledge the risks, but perhaps I can get some helpful information from this treaty.

I'll probably have it self-destruct during the fight anyway. It'd be a very convenient way of hiding evidence.

"Don't worry, we'll just stay there for a bit," I say, throwing the paper cup in the trash and storing the binoculars back. "Afterward, maybe we can go bowling or something once we're satisfied."

"Actually, I was thinking batting cage." Ichiban offers. "Haven't been there in a while."

"That sounds so fun." Asia agrees with a smile. "It's like the time we first met, Akane-san. Maybe we can go Karaoke after?"

"Sure. Then we have lunch and go back to training," I say before pausing. "Or maybe we can celebrate that the treaty went through."

I almost feel bad that we're going to be doing none of these things and, instead, be forced into another life-or-death struggle. Kind of. To them, it's going to be a war. To me, it'll be a buffet, and I'll be sure to enjoy every moment.

"You there."

All three of us halt at the unfamiliar voice, stopping near the gate of the academy to see a boy around our age with silver hair looking at us intently. Or rather, he was looking at Ichiban. Quickly, I recognize the boy, making me sharpen my gaze.

Vali Lucifer.

"Hm?" The original Lucifer, silently walking behind us this whole time, blinks. "This boy… I can feel my blood running through his veins. Fascinating. I didn't think I'd see a descendent this young."

Is the invasion starting now? Already? I know he was part of the enemy forces, so with him being here, then that means…

I scan the area, becoming confused.

I don't feel anything out of the ordinary. So, are they using the cloaking tech and hiding? And is he positioned there until some kind of signal? He was a Grigori member before his defection in the original story, right? I know my metaknowledge is fading, but I'm sure of that.

I have to calm down. Even if it's true, I can't be slipping up right now. I'll have to keep my guard up while I pretend everything is normal. Anyone sharp enough would've been able to tell that I tensed just now.

I seriously can't keep my excitement in check. It's like I'm a kid at an amusement park again.

"You're Ichiban Kasuga, yes?" Vali asks, stepping forward.

"Uh, yeah." Ichi frowns as all of us feel his presence. "Who's asking?"

You know… all things considered, he doesn't feel as powerful as I expected a Lucifer descendant would be.

"I am Vali Lucifer." He introduces himself, making Asia take a step back the moment she hears his surname. "The White Dragon Emperor and the wielder of Divine Dividing. I challenge you to a duel."

Seriously? Now, of all times? Unless this is the signal? If yes, Ichi mustn't play along. This will only serve as a distraction for the enemy forces to start their attack. Plus, we can't give this dumbass a legal loophole so he doesn't get punished later on in case he starts throwing hands randomly.

I grab the hem of Ichiban's sleeve and pull it, giving him a look that he quickly understood the meaning of. He glances back at Vali and responds.

"Oh?" Lucifer raises a brow. "A devil bearing a Longinus Sacred Gear? Interesting. Unless it's stolen, he's a half-human, I assume."

He'd be correct. I think? I can't remember.

"No, thanks." Ichiban declines. "I don't feel like it."

"What?" Vali's eyes narrow. "What do you mean?"

"I don't want to fight." He says. "Now's really not the time. It's an important day today."

"I don't care." The devil boy responds with a frown. "I came all the way here from the underworld. I demand a duel right now."

"Why?"

Vali pauses.

"Why? What do you mean, 'why'?" He looks bewildered. "It's our destiny. The two dragon emperors are fated to fight until they cease to exist."

"That's fucking stupid." Ichiban scoffs, actually surprising me a bit. "Why should we fulfill a destiny that ends up with either of us dying for someone else's dumbass grudge?"

"T-that's–"

"Don't you think that's fucked up? Frankly, I have so many other things I want to do in life. Why should a gauntlet or a cape dictate what I should do?" He adds. "I don't care if the giant lizard is screaming at me to gut you. There's only one person who can order me around, and it's not him."

Hearing this declaration makes me very pleased with him. I only wanted him to reject Vali's offer, but rejecting Ddraig as well? That's my Ichiban, alright. No wonder he's among the few people I view as an equal.

For all his stupidity, faux wisdom, and overall silliness, I respect his commitment to his ideals. If only he weren't so sickeningly moral.

"It's me, isn't it?" I interject with a smug grin. "Heh. You truly are the best slave in the world."

"You shut up." He whips his head at me with a scowl. "With you, it's only temporary."

"Well, technically, I'm actually your superior." I disagree. "Meaning you have to listen to my orders. Forever."

"Can we not do that right now?"

"You would reject your destiny because it doesn't suit your needs?" Vali growls, our quick back-and-forth seemingly angering him for some reason. "You're a coward."

"No, man. I just don't let others tell me how I should live my life." Ichiban isn't one bit intimidated. "And I think you should do the same."

"He's not gonna fight you, dude," I insist. "Maybe you can come back another time, but your timing is pretty bad. No offense."

"Pretty much. I'm not saying I'm never going to fight you. If anything, I'm down for a spar." He quickly says. "Just not now, and not to the death. Come back in a few days, and I'll give you a fight."

"Why you…" Vali visibly bristles at that, making me get ready for a fight.

The two dragon emperors stare at each other silently. Vali with a deep scowl and Ichi with a focused frown. The air shifts underneath their presence, slowly heating up from the passive aura the two are unleashing.

I would've been surprised at Ichi's power had I not seen it already, and if these two were to fight, I'm pretty confident Vali would lose horribly. I doubt he or anyone outside the yakuza knows about Ichiban's subspecies, so a surprise like that would put Vali on the back foot pretty quickly.

That's not all because it would not be considered a duel if a fight were to break out; therefore, I can jump in and easily overwhelm him with my spells. Because admittedly? He's not that tough. I'm 80% sure I can beat him on my own, even if he uses his Balance Breaker.

In his current state, he's just as strong as Ichiban's base. The moment he lands a hit on Ichi of any kind, I should be more than fast enough to kill him before he unleashes his Balance Breaker. A single hit is all I need, so unless he's seen the news and knows how powerful I am or in any way cautious of me, we should be fine.

I see him clenching his fists tightly. Come on, make your move. See how much good it'll bring you. I'm significantly faster than you and can end your life before you even realize it. One single ice spell to the brain, and you're dead.

His power flares as two wings appear on his back, but he doesn't make a move. Ichi responds to that by activating his own Sacred Gear, showing the gauntlet, but nothing more. The concrete ground cracks from the pressure, as does the brick wall surrounding the campus. The steel bars of the gate bend and shift until…

Vali sighs deeply and deactivates his gear.

"...Very well. As my eternal rival, I shall respect your decision." He concedes, surprising me greatly. "I'll let you go for now, but I'll be back very soon, and we're going to have our duel whether you like it or not."

Ichi, as surprised as I am, blinks.

"Sure." He answers, his gauntlet disappearing. "But I'm not gonna kill you."

"I will." Vali scoffs. "So you better be prepared when the time comes. I will not hold anything back, Kasuga."

With that, Lucifer's descendant walks away, leaving me perplexed. I thought for sure that he'd attack us. Why didn't he? Was he not the signal? Or, rather, will something else be the signal? But if that's the case, then why the hell did he bother with Ichi in the first place?

This is… weird. Perhaps they're waiting for something else? Hmm, if they don't attack now, I suppose they're waiting until the end of the conference? That should be where such an attack would be least expected, right?

But that would mean they'd have to attack after the peace treaty has been finalized, meaning interrupting the treaty itself isn't their goal. And that confirms that their goal is me. So, the Amon clan is driving this invasion in this scenario.

I have to be careful. They'll stop at nothing to capture me if I am their sole purpose. Though not to sound cocky, I could probably escape pretty easily if that ended up happening. I'm full of surprises, after all. I doubt they even know about Excelsis.

"I really thought a fight was gonna break out." Asia sighs once Vali is out of sight. "I was so worried."

"Yeah, same." Ichi nodded. "He really did look like he was on the verge of attacking me."

"What would you have done if he did?" I ask curiously.

"I would've defended myself…?" He blinks. "What else could I do?"

"You'd do nothing." I lightly punch his arm. "After all, I'm here. I would've killed him before he even made a move. I would never let him lay a finger on you."

"I… thanks?" He blinks. "That's kinda overkill, though."

Mostly to protect him from possible political backlash since he's technically just a yakuza errand boy and nothing else. He's not even officially part of any subsidiary. Meaning he could get into a lot of legal trouble.

With my involvement, though? He becomes immune.

"You're my adorable little servant. Of course, I'd keep you safe."

His confused and slightly worried look immediately switches to an exasperated one.

"I don't know if I should feel happy that a cute girl wants to protect me or sad that my pride as a man is in tatters."

"Ah, so you do think I'm cute!" I catch that slip-up, making him blush. "I knew it. You're in love with me. Why didn't you tell me earlier?"

"I am not!" He denies it, but we both know he's lying. "That's a reach and a half!"

"Actually, who do you think is cuter? Me—" I grab the blond by the shoulders. "Or Asia?"

"Eh?" The blond blinks.

"Oh, come on, you can't make me choose." He complains. "This is not fair."

"By the way, if you say Asia, I'll kick you in the balls," I say, and before he answers, I add. "If you say me, you'll break her heart and make her cry."

"You're not making it any easier!"

Come on, you Amon bastards. Attack. Try me and see how that goes for you. I don't care what kind of organization you are or what kind of monsters you produce. You're the first on the devour list once I'm through this silly invasion.

Call it retribution for what you did to my mother.





– Sirzechs –

"—Like the devils, we'd like a territory somewhere in Kanto for our embassy." Micheal requested. "Our presence is weak in Japan, so we'd like to extend it. It would be more convenient for Japanese people with Christian faith to connect with the rest of the church."

"That can be arranged." Mine nodded. "And who will your representative be?"

"It's ones you've already met." The Archangel smiled softly. "Xenovia Quarta and Irina Shidou will remain in Japan as our diplomats. We've noticed that they were getting close to Akane Amamiya."

"Fair enough," Daigo said. "We agree to these terms. In return, we would like—"

"Hey, Zechs." Serafall elbowed his side with a whisper. "Zechs. Look."

Sirzechs resisted a groan. He loved the girl dearly; she was like a sister to him, but she could be a handful sometimes. He knew from her tone that whatever was distracting her was going to be something ridiculous. Which was okay with him, but now, during the peace treaty?

"Sera, not the time." He replied. "This is important business. You can show me later."

"Nonono, trust me." She giggled quietly. "Look over there. Window in front of you."

Knowing she was going to bother him otherwise – or complain incessantly once they were home – Sirzechs listened, glancing at the window she discreetly pointed at. He blinked once he spotted three figures in the distance, standing on a floating platform of ice.

His enhanced vision made it clear who they were: Akane, Ichiban, and the blond nun, all watching the treaty, with the heiress holding binoculars over her face. Sirzechs blinked, and once their eyes met, she panicked, which caused the other two to panic as well.

Admittedly, Sirzechs found this incredibly amusing. He barely held in a laugh once the platform they were on lowered until it was out of view. Of course, he didn't find their shenanigans offensive. Not at all.

He, Sera, and Ajuka used to get up to these kinds of mischief all the time. So much that their parents would get mad at them constantly.

"Like the good old days, huh?" Serafall said with a grin, mirroring his thoughts.

Sirzechs said nothing, but he smiled at her as he returned to the meeting.

"—I'll share some of my research on the artificial Sacred Gear project." Azazel offered.

"Artificial Sacred Gear?" Ryuji frowned. "You figured out a way ta produce new Sacred Gears? That even possible?"

"It is." The Fallen Angel smirked. "I shall demonstrate."

Azazel extended his arm toward the table before summoning a golden dagger— or rather, what appeared to be the tip of a lance. He gently put it on the table for the rest to examine, looking proud of his work.

"After more than a decade— countless hours into this research, I've designed a Sacred Gear of my own. I call it the Down Fall Dragon Spear." He explained. "It's not as powerful as other combat-based Sacred Gears. After all, I've not perfected the art of creating such artifacts yet, but I'm sure this will be of interest to you."

This was unexpected. The creation of a new Sacred Gear could be a game changer. With such knowledge, they wouldn't have to rely on recruiting humans for them. If they were to figure out how to make their own, then…

Well, combat potential aside, they could be doing a lot for more than just their military. Sacred Gears weren't strictly weapons, after all. For example, the creation of more Twilight Healing-like Gears would help immensely with their hospitals.

"In return, I'd like one thing from everyone here. Or, well, most." He said. "First, Mr. Daigo, Mr. Goda. I, like Micheal here, would like an embassy and land for the Grigori. Preferably somewhere by the beach."

The two yakuza remained quiet for a moment, then Ryuji spoke first.

"How does Okinawa sound?"

"Perfect. An agent of mine, named Tobio Ikuse, shall be stationed there. Under the cover of a bartender." He nodded. "Lord Lucifer, Lady Leviathan, my request is simple. Allowing trade with the Pillars—primarily the Phenex for the tears, and…"

Serafall blinked as he looked at her.

"The Elusive Ditrus Fruit of the Sitri Clan."

"This again?!" She looked at him baffled as Sirzechs sighed. "I already told you, it's a myth! It doesn't exist!"

"The… Ditrus Fruit?" Daigo glanced at Sirzechs.

"I've never heard of such a thing." Yasaka quipped.

"It's supposedly a mythical fruit that gives the ability to control dragons. Said to have been grown by the Sitri clan thousands of years ago." He explained. "But it's not real. It came from a random post on Devilnet that blew up."

"Ah…"

"What, ya have memes in yer internet too?" Ryuji snorted.

"Evidently."

"Lying, Lady Leviathan? In the middle of a peace treaty?" Azazel shook his head. "Please, we're grown-ups here, are we not? A single fruit is all I want."

"And I'm telling you, it's not real." She growled. "It's a stupid Devilnet joke with no substance. Get over it."

The Grigori Governer hummed, stared at the scowling girl suspiciously, and then sighed.

"Fine. I suppose Phenex Tears will have to do."

"Acceptable terms." Sirzechs chuckled. "We'll be sure to send a word if we find any information about the Ditrus Fruit."

"More like dumbass fruit…" Serafall complained quietly.

"Excellent!"

Sirzechs wasn't sure if Azazel was doing this to get a rise out of Serafall or not, but admittedly, it amused him. He had a knack for pressing her buttons and the courage to do it. Sirzechs could never.

Serafall was terrifying when she was angry.

"As for you, brother." His gaze sharpened once he looked at Micheal. "A simple request for you as well."

The mirth in Azazel's voice vanished, taking away the joyous and amusing mood with it. The leaders all felt the shift in the air, frowning as the Grigori Governor spoke his next sentence.

"...Send the angels who fall my way." He said quietly, a strange, knowing look on his face. "And don't leave them to die."

Sirzechs tensed as he picked up on the subtext of Azazel's accusatory words. He was genuinely shocked— Azazel would never accuse anyone unless he was absolutely sure, but Micheal, of all people?

"I'm… afraid I'm not sure what you mean." Micheal gave a confused smile. "I already tell whoever falls to join you. I've promised you that since the Great War, haven't I?"

Azazel's glare didn't budge, but he didn't say or accuse him of anything else.

"...Have you? I must've forgotten. I apologize, Micheal. Then, I shall only ask you to be more vigilant." He said, clearly wanting to be careful with his words. "Please, when one of your angels falls, contact me immediately. Falling can be incredibly taxing on the mind, and I've been told I'm good at comforting them."

Ah… Sirzechs realized what Azazel meant as he read between the lines. A warning…

A clear warning to everyone here. Micheal wasn't who they thought he was. The good-natured, calm, and merciful angel… Was it truly only a farce? That's how he always had been, but how could Azazel make such a claim? Did he know something they didn't?

Sirzechs looked at the rest of the participants. All of them seemed to have understood his intentions. However, Michael himself, while not quite getting what that was about, seemed only suspicious, but instead of questioning, he relented.

"...Alright, if that's all you want."

"It is!" Azazel quickly returned to his jolly persona. "I think that's all. Is that all, Shemhazai?"

"Uh—"

"Yes, that's all."

"You didn't even let me speak…" His assistant murmured, pinching the bridge of his nose.

"Alright, I assume everyone is satisfied with each other's demands and propositions, then?" Daigo asked. He took their silence as confirmation. "Good. As for the Tojo Clan, as well as the Omi Alliance and the West Yokai Faction, we have one request for the devils, and we'll be satisfied."

Sirzechs perked up at that, looking at the sixth chairman intently.

"That is?"

Daigo met his eyes sharply and made his demand.

"Outlawing the use of your evil pieces on all Japanese citizens."

The Lucifer Satan froze at that, caught off guard by such a request.

"T-that's…" Even Serafall was in shock. "We can't do that."

"You can. And you will." Mine said firmly. "We will not allow any more devil kidnapping of young humans solely due to bloodline or Sacred Gears."

"The evil pieces are not used for such depravity," Sirzechs argued. "They exist to help with our crisis—"

"We know that, Sirzechs-han." Ryuji cut him off. "Problem is that lots of yer people ain't seein' what yer seein'. They think human lives are toys."

"We've been documenting several cases throughout the decade of devils trying to kidnap civilians and forcibly use an evil piece on them or hurt them in some capacity." Mine snapped his fingers, prompting two guards standing by to approach Sirzechs and Serafall with a file. "One of the more recent and interesting cases involves Ichiban Kasuga in 2016, the errand boy of the Arakawa family, the Red Dragon Emperor, and personal bodyguard of Akane Amamiya. Masumi Arakawa barely saved him from a devil who wanted to enslave him and take control of the Boosted Gear. I'm sure you're familiar with Raxes Stolas."

"He… went missing two years ago," Serafall said, reading the file. "So this is what happened to him…?"

"We kept it a secret so as not to fan the flames of conflict," Daigo explained. "We may forgive, Sirzechs-san. But we don't forget. We know Stolas acted outside the law you made. We're not blaming you or accusing you of anything. But it paints a clear picture of how some devils act."

"Even some of the ones followin' ya ain't too keen on humans being their equal," Ryuji added. "The Old Satans' mindset ain't easy to scrub off. We can't take any chances."

Yasaka smiled behind her fan but said nothing.

"Of course, Kasuga's incident is one out of dozens." Daigo's first captain continued. "And this isn't only happening in Japan. We've heard rumors of a devil specifically targeting nuns and nothing else in Europe. However, that is outside our jurisdiction, so we cannot investigate; frankly, it does not concern us. I believe it is worth mentioning, though."

They were not holding anything back here, were they? So they had been preparing far more than he'd given them credit for. These yakuza were absolutely ruthless. Before the treaty, Sirzechs had felt like they had made personal progress as well.

That, perhaps one day, they'd shake hands and become friends again—true peace, with no ulterior motives or strings attached. Then again, Sirzechs had always been the optimist of his group—the idealist who would always look at the bright side.

But now…

He saw it—the righteous fury in Daigo's eyes. And admittedly, he could sympathize. His kind was responsible for the deaths of two yakuza legends. Heroes of the Tojo Clan. One was the sixth chairman's surrogate father, for goodness' sake.

And to make matters worse… He couldn't deliver retribution to the ones responsible.

His claim to the original Lucifer's throne made them practically immune. And even without, Rizevim, as mad as he was, was one of the most intelligent masterminds devilkind had ever produced. If he didn't want to be found, then it was impossible to catch him.

At the time, Sirzechs had acknowledged that he had failed his human friends, and thus, war was declared, fueled by so much anger that any devil presence on Earth, not just in Japan, was incredibly rare. And dangerous.

I was careless. Sirzechs thought calmly.

One might think that outlawing the pieces strictly in Japan might not be a big deal, and that was true on the surface. After all, Japan wasn't necessarily a big country, but agreeing to this might urge other factions, specifically the angels who were present in this very conference, to do the same.

Daigo couldn't prevent him from using his pieces in other places in the world. He did not have the authority, but he was hoping for a domino effect. Japan was merely the start; it'd eventually snowball until most regions became inaccessible.

Sirzechs couldn't help but smile at that. Clever.

"I'm afraid we cannot accept these terms." He said. "...I believe that you misunderstand why the evil pieces were created, Mr. Daigo."

Daigo's eyes narrowed.

"True, they were made by Ajuka to combat our low population problems. And to satiate his thirst for knowledge." Sirzechs confirmed. "But, to me, at least, they are a symbol of hope."

Serafall looked at him worriedly.

"Could you elaborate?" Mine asked.

"The evil pieces exist to help the suffering low-class devils. To open up opportunities for them that are otherwise impossible." He explained. "With this system, we've made it possible for even the weakest low-class devil to become a high-class. To earn a living and a legacy.

"Such power can be abused, and it has been. I know that." The Lucifer Satan acknowledged. "But we all know things aren't entirely black and white, are they? Can you call such a system pure evil when it can help the nameless, the weak, and the poor to climb the ranks of our society?"

Everyone remained quiet.

"We're not like you, humans. We've always relied on talent—our pillars and bloodlines, and those without any of that were left to rot. To be considered foot soldiers thrown in the face of impossibly powerful adversaries or dirt waiting to be stepped on." He said. "With the evil pieces, however, we paved the way for hard work and determination. To show that with enough willpower, even our least talented can achieve greatness. And with these people, the ones who suffered under the cruelty of their seniors, those who know what it's like to be at rock bottom, rising up the ranks… I hope we're able to make a new, better society."

"Gettin' real optimistic there, Sirzechs-han." Ryuji's frown deepened. "Almost unhealthily optimistic."

"Perhaps. After all, this is merely how I personally view the evil pieces." He admitted. "Like most things in our universe, they could spell someone's demise or be a key to a better future. It mostly lies on the wielder of this gift."

"A better future?" Yasaka glared. "A device to enslave those weaker than you?"

"My sister saved four lives with them," Sirzechs said. "Not for whatever power they might have. Merely because it was the right thing to do."

"Not to be the bearer of bad news, but now they're stuck with her forever." Mine accused.

"That is not true." He replied coolly. "Rias would not force any of them to remain with her if they wished to be released, and they're not legally obligated to follow her commands."

He looked at Daigo.

"I understand how others might feel about our evil pieces, but I still cannot agree to your demands," Sirzechs said. "I wish you could understand."

For a moment, the sixth chairman said nothing, still looking at him with the same fire as before, only a little… dimmer. Not as ferocious as before. Eventually, Daigo made his response.

"Accept, and I'll keep your secret."

Relying on pressure from the other biblical factions. Sirzechs' smile widened. You're not making this easy for me, are you? But I understand.

"...How about a compromise?"

Daigo paused, then nodded.

"Instead of outlawing, how about regulating?" He said. "If one wants to add a Japanese citizen to their peerage, they must come to the devil embassy, Kuoh Academy, and inform Rias Gremory, Sona Sitri, and Akane Amamiya. They will run a series of questions, tests, and check-ups to see if both parties are able, consenting, and neither hold any malicious intent."

"If ignored?"

"They will be considered a criminal," The Lucifer Satan said. "The Japanese citizen will be returned to their home, and the offending devil will be punished.

Daigo took a moment to think it over, closing his eyes in concentration. All parties were tense except Sirzechs himself. He was confident, smiling at the sixth chairman without any worry. He knew what the answer would be already.

"..." Daigo exhaled. "...Your terms are acceptable."

"Thank you, Mr. Daigo."

"What?" Yasaka's eyes widened.

"Daigo?" Ryuji looked at him in surprise.

"Daigo-san?" Mine was just as shocked.

The sixth chairman raised a hand, silencing them.

"A contract paper will be handed to all parties shortly." He said. "Be sure to read it thoroughly. If you have any concerns, share them now."

Surprisingly, and thankfully, none of the three made any fuss about this. If anything, Ryuji only sighed in what felt like exasperation, as did Mine. Yasaka was the only one who was truly angered, but she said nothing, remaining quiet as two yakuza agents entered and started handing out the papers.

They sure work fast… Sirzechs thought, taking a paper.

"Cool speech there, Zechs." Serafall teased him quietly, elbowing his side. "So that's what you think about Juka's work, huh?"

"Please, Sera. Not now." He sighed, looking at the piece of paper in front of him.

All he had to do was sign this for a new future.

Hopefully, a better, brighter one.



– Daigo –

As most participants of the treaty left after its finalization, he remained in the council room, still on his chair, stuck in his own thoughts. Had he done the right thing? Should he have pressured Sirzechs more? Was this the better decision?

"Why'd ya do it?" Ryuji asked, stopped before he left the room. "You could've easily forced Sirzechs. You had all the cards. What gives?"

Daigo didn't say anything.

"Pity? Sympathy?" The Dragon of Kansai guessed. "Forgiveness? I don't get it."

"...He believed what he was saying," Daigo responded. "Everything about the evil pieces. This… this fucked up system of theirs."

Ryuji waited for him to continue.

"This bizarre idealism. A devil. The Lucifer Satan, of all things. How could he even say all that?" Daigo sighed. "The man is older than both of us combined. He's completely delusional."

"Then why humor 'em?"

"…I… A part of me wanted to believe what he said." Daigo admitted. "I'm such an idiot. A split-second decision, and I chose to follow my feelings. Not the cold, hard truth that was right in front of me."

If his silence was anything to go by, his response seemed to have caught Ryuji off guard, but then the Kansai Yakuza began to chuckle.

"Yer exactly like him." He said with an amused tone. "As bad of a yakuza as he was. Yer right. Yer a dumbass through and through. No mistakin' it."

Daigo slowly turned around, seeing Ryuji with a smirk on his face.

"But ya know," He added. "A real man oughta be a little stupid."

"Is that right…"

"Yeah." He snorted. "Well, whatever. It's done. The wife's pretty pissed at ya, and I'm stuck havin' to comfort her. Ya owe me."

"Heh. I guess I do."

Ryuji then walked away, leaving Daigo on his own.

…Maybe he should have more faith in his decision.

That's what Kiryu would've wanted.



– Akane –

What the fuck are they doing? The treaty is done— it has been done for an hour now! What the hell are they waiting for?!

I look at the time on my phone— 4 PM. No signs of any attack. Everyone already fucking left Kuoh, and I've been getting more and more anxious. Nothing. There's nothing happening, and it's driving me nuts.

What the fuck is going on?

"Are you okay?" Sona asks, scooting closer to me. She looks at me with concern. "You look… rather skittish."

"I'm fine." I click my tongue, drowning out Ichiban's singing. "Music is getting loud."

I've been feeling severely in danger the moment we had to leave the school grounds. We weren't even allowed to stay close after we were caught 'peeping' on the leaders. Fucking dumbass guards. I have every right to be there.

And now that the leaders are gone, we're like sitting ducks for the Amons. When are they going to attack? What's going to happen now? Was this what they were waiting for? Are they…

…

…Are they even going to attack?

…Give it to me straight, Game. Was I preparing for nothing? Is this why you didn't give me a quest?

…

…This is the first time I've ever felt the urge to kill someone so intensely. All these hours spent anxious, all the planning, building, tinkering, and not a single use of devour. Do you know what this feels like? It's like getting a 'The real treasure was the friends we made along the way!' type of ending.

You fucking bitch ass cosmic horror motherfucker. Why the hell didn't you say anything?! Oh, haha! It must be a knee-slapper for you, hah?! Fuck the friends! I want my fucking treasure, and I want it NOW!

"Are you sure? You look like you're about to burst a blood vessel." Sona deadpans.

And now she won't shut the fuck up!

No, no. Calm down. Breathe. Relax. Think… Think positively.

Sure, the invasion isn't going to happen, but! The friends, Akane. The friends you made along the way are useful. Nemesis, the armor, Touki— they're not just going to disappear into thin air because the Amons didn't show up.

Nemesis will be a powerful long-term subordinate that listens to all my commands. Hell, it's doing precisely what I'm ordering it to do: Observe, copy, and perfect my mannerisms and how I act around others, which is something that's going to be very important for my devouring journey.

And I can still use the other two things for the upcoming Rating Game tournament. So, overall, this was a net positive. In fact, perhaps this was a blessing in disguise. After all, an invasion of that scale will end up blowing a lot of shit up. It might make it hard to live in Kuoh for possibly weeks.

I don't want that. I don't want to get busy with stupid and boring construction work when I could be doing more important things like building badass fucking robots and mechas. Right? Right. See? It isn't so bad. You just gotta be positive.

…

Oh, who am I kidding? I was just denied a feast. No amount of coping will delude me into thinking this was a good thing.

"I just have a headache," I respond with a sigh, feeling all my rage drained. I'm just fucking tired now. "Gives me the urge to kill someone."

"Please, don't kill anyone."

"Like, I wanna fucking just grab Issei by the neck and choke him to death."

He still has a punchable face.

"Please, don't choke Issei to death."

"Huh?" Issei blinks and looks at Sona. "You call me?"

"Yeah, come over here so I can choke you."

"W-what?!" He blushes. "Er, no, I'm not into that. At least, I don't think I am."

"To death." Sona clarifies. "She wants to kill you."

"HUH?! Why?! What did I do?!"

"Exist."

I fucking hate this. I don't feel like doing anything. Everything is loud, and everything is annoying. This is like being denied a ride you really wanted to try because you weren't tall enough for it, so you're told to fuck off and do something else.

And what I wanna do right now is go home and take a nap.

Get juked, bitch. No invasion is happening here.

Yet. ;)
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 151 others
Mirlnir
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 44: The Alternative
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#764
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, Bluwuh


"Are you still working on that?" my mother asks as she walks into the garage. "I thought you were finished with it already."

"I'm just checking if anything needs upgrading," I answer tonelessly, examining my armor closely.

Especially seeing that I have all the time in the fucking world now that those dipshits decided to blueball me like that. Fucking assholes. It has been a few days since then, but I'm still furious. Why the hell didn't they do anything?

Were they intimidated by how many powerful people were present? That's the only explanation I could think of. Besides the leaders, others like Majima, Saejima, and more high-tiers from the other factions were patrolling the area. It was hard to attack from any angle.

"You just made the suit."

"The me of today is better than the me of the past," I argue. "Now stop bothering me."

"Alright, alright. Sheesh, what got you so pissy lately?"

Ugh, it's so depressing. I feel like all the work I've done in that timeframe was wasted. It's not, obviously. I'll still use everything I made, like the armor, but it feels pointless since I was preparing specifically for the invasion.

Yeah, yeah, I know I'm just bitching, but I have every right to bitch about that, damn it.

Though, I've learned to sorta accept it and be slightly less mad. After all, I've eavesdropped on everything in that treaty and gotten a lot of information. Specifically, how crippled the three factions sounded when talking about Yahweh's death.

They sounded deliciously desperate to keep that a secret, which I understand entirely after hearing their reasoning. Being ganged up on by literally every other faction sounds bad. Devils are strong, but are they strong enough to beat down all other mythological factions? I don't think so.

Obviously, I'm not supposed to know about this. Sirzechs might've seen me 'watching them' but he couldn't have known that the chip I planted was there. So I'll pretend I don't know anything, but this gives me an excellent idea. This 'terrorist' I've made up needs a goal, after all, and equipped with the knowledge of something that Akane shouldn't know…

They'll have a hard time making a connection. Hitting places randomly without rhyme or reason might make it easier for them to figure out who's behind these future attacks. It's challenging to avoid making a pattern, so with the easier option in front of me, why wouldn't I make some convoluted, bullshit reason for why my 'evil' persona is doing the things she's doing?

But that's not enough. I still need to find a way to instantly cross large distances without alerting anyone. And a place where I can quickly improve and upgrade my tech safely. I can't afford the Yakuza figuring out my cloaking tech and whatever else I want to make. Ever. That would immediately destroy everything I've been building here.

The armor is fine because I haven't gone overboard with it. If I were to make new armor without these restraints, I would've made something twice or thrice as powerful. This means that my priority is to create a secret base.

This, of course, will force me to start looking for my own resources and building my own energy reactors, but that's fine. I'll take this long-term solution over a short-term one where I'm restricted by what the Yakuza can make.

The biggest challenge here is making a secret base without the Tojo Clan knowing. Where would I put this base of mine? Should I make it in Japan? Should it even be in Asia, or would somewhere in Europe be better? It needs a lot of planning, but for now, I know how I'll make it.

You can never go wrong with an underground base. Easy place to gather resources and materials from and, if deep enough, hard to reach. Plus, assuming it's ever compromised, I can always blow it the fuck up and trap people in it.

"Anyway, I came here because one of your friends is at the door," Mizuki says. "She's saying she has good news."

I pause. Huh. I guess I was too focused on my crafts to notice anyone approaching the house.

"Who is it?"

"The Gremory."

A constant pain in the ass. For fuck's sake, what does she want now?

"Right…" I sigh, putting my tools down. "I'll go see why she's here."

I walk past my mother, heading straight to the front door and opening it to see Rias, who has a big grin on her face. A part of me just wants to kick her out, but that's just my depressed self not wanting to deal with anyone's antics right now. She's probably here for a good reason.

Maybe. She would've texted me if it wasn't, right?

Still don't appreciate her randomly barging in like that. I only want to continue building cool robots.

"What?"

Rias' stupid smile falters.

"Why do you sound so mad at me?"

"I'm not mad at you." I frown.

"Well, it does feel that way."

"I'm not—" I stop myself from arguing. "Just say what you wanna say and piss off."

For a few seconds, Rias seems unsure of what to say, looking around before saying something that almost has me smack her across the face.

"That time of the month?"

"Are you perhaps suicidal by any chance?"

"I-I'm just saying I don't know why you're so pissed." She asks, backing off. "...Did I do something to upset you?"

"No, no. Just…" I sigh. I'm not her biggest fan, but she doesn't deserve this. "I'm sorry. It's been a hard few days, and I'm struggling to find an outlet. You're fine. I'm just being a bitch."

"Oh, well, I won't pretend I understand what human women go through every month." She shrugs, making me pause. "But we're friends, so it's okay."

"What?" I blink. "What's that about 'human women'?"

"Anyway, I come bearing great news!" Rias says, completely ignoring my question. "Remember the rating game tournament?"

I don't like being ignored like that, but if it would get her to piss off faster, then so be it.

"Yes?"

"I talked with my brother about it recently and just got word from him confirming that you can join!" The redhead reveals enthusiastically.

Almost all of my annoyance disappears as my frown turns upside down.

"Actually?!" I respond, genuinely pleased. "Great going, Rias!"

"Hehe, told you to leave it to me." She puffs her chest proudly. "I barely even tried."

Holy shit, I thought it was going to be a lot harder than fucking Rias asking for it. Peace treaty going through or not, I expected at least some resistance or something. Was it seriously that easy? All she had to do was ask?

God, just how much influence does she actually have over Sirzechs? Or if that's even the case in the first place. Maybe the treaty really was the deciding factor here, and not Rias asking her precious Onii-chan.

Even if that would've been pretty funny.

And here I thought I would be miserable for the rest of the weak. This really is some fantastic news. At first, I thought she came here to say something silly, like how a new volume of a manga I was reading dropped. She'd do that type of dumb shit.

"Wait, hold on, when's the tournament again?"

"Tomorrow." She answers, clasping her hands together. "So, you're joining my team, right? Forget about Sona. You and I together will destroy the competition."

"Tomorrow?!" I disregard her offer. "Why didn't you tell me earlier?!"

"Huh?" She blinks. "Well, I just got the word myself. Is it that important?"

"We barely have time to make any meaningful strategies." I sigh, not particularly angry. I'm too excited about this to be mad at her right now. "I thought you were worried about losing the first round?"

"I did make a strategy without you in mind," Rias admitted. "But I don't think we need one with you on the team."

As smug as that makes me, that sounds like a terrible idea. But since it props me up, I won't make fun of her for it.

"You have that much faith in me?" I ask, definitely not fishing for compliments.

"You kidding?" Rias looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "You're scary strong. Especially with that Touki thing of yours. And with that mecha armor? Yup. We have it in the bag. You probably could win the entire thing on your own."

I wanted praise, and I got my metaphorical dick sucked instead. She's literally that easy. Any more, and I might think she's in love with me.

…Let's be honest; she probably is. Who isn't?

"By the way, can I please try it out?" Rias holds my hand into hers. "Pretty please? I've always wanted to wear an Iron Man suit. I'll do anything you want for a whole month."

"I'll think about it," I say, making her squeal in excitement. "So what about Sona? Does she know?"

"Yup." She nods, letting go of me. "She's waiting for us at the usual cafe."

"Right. You go on ahead, then." I tell her. "I'll grab Ichi and meet you there."

"Aye, aye!" Rias says, as cheerful as ever. "See you soon~"

With that, she walks away, prompting me to close the door—finally, actual great news. Now, I don't feel so miserable anymore. I might've missed out on a massive feast, but this will definitely make up for it since I already have a quest with incredible rewards for it.

And it's not me coping this time because I can do a lot more than win the tournament. It'll be tricky to pull off now that I only have one day to prepare, but it's not impossible. Just copy-paste what I did for that hidden piece I planted in the treaty room.

As I turn around, I see my mother looking at me with concern.

"You're not gonna join that tournament, are you?"

Seeing her that way makes my heart twist uncomfortably, but I remain firm in my decision. Besides flexing how powerful I really am, there are way too many benefits and rewards I can get. Plus, it's an opportunity to get that sweet portal power.

How am I going to do that? Well, currently, I can't. It's really dangerous to try to pull something like that off since that portal chick isn't exactly weak by any means, and trying to trap her would be damn near impossible, but I'll figure it out. I have all the tech I need to set everything up.

Some anti-magic tech from the yakuza would be pretty helpful.

"Sorry," I say. "I really wanna see what it's like. I can't miss it."

"I… No, it's your choice. I can't stop you." She doesn't argue, surprising me a little before adding, "But I'm coming too."

"To the underworld?" I blink. "Are you sure? You know you don't have to."

"No. I'm going anyway. I wanna be there with you." She sighs. "...I can't just ignore this forever, Akane. I know I have to make peace with it."

"Kaa-san—"

"Every time I see you interacting with them–" She points at the front door, referring to Rias. "I feel… I don't know. I don't dislike them as much. I know deep down that Rias and Sona aren't to blame for what happened."

"..."

"And if I can't eliminate this hatred for the devils, I can at least try, maybe just enough to accept your friends," Mizuki adds before smiling. "Plus, watching you beat up a few snot-nosed devil brats sounds really fun."

I guess being racist is a part of who she is.

"You should've started with that," I say in amusement.

"Well, it's true." My mother shrugs. "I wanna see how strong the cutest girl in the world has become."

"Yeah, yeah." I roll my eyes, walking up the stairs. "I'm gonna go change."

"Have fun~" My mother says. "And come back early, alright?"

This tournament is going to be so exciting~





"So how does it work exactly?" Ichi asks, making himself comfortable next to me. "Because you're saying we're not taking the pieces themselves."

"Yes, you'd be filling their spots instead." Sona nods. "I've never seen it myself since it's rather infrequent, but there will be someone quantifying your power on a scale from one to seventy-five relative to the King's personal strength."

"One to seventy-five?" I raise a brow. "Huh. Kind of an awkward scale."

"It's calculated with how each piece is worth," Rias adds. "A pawn is worth one point. Rooks, Knights, and Bishops are worth two points each, and a Queen is worth five points. A mutated piece, however, would be triple the original value."

So three, six, and fifteen, respectively. So, the scale works on the assumption that someone might have an entire mutated set. Is that even possible? According to the girls here, mutated pieces are extremely rare, even if regular pieces can theoretically evolve into one.

And the funny thing here is that Rias used her mutated bishop on that twink.

What a waste.

"But like I said, it's all relative." The Sitri devil says. "For example, let's say that Ichiban is worth thirty points for me. He could be less than thirty points for someone much stronger than me or more for someone weaker."

"That makes sense," Ichi says. "It's surprisingly simple."

"Because you can understand it?" I tease.

"Yup." He admits.

"Dork." I snort, glancing back at the devils. "Though, one thing comes to mind. The way you said it implies that I can fill in for multiple different pieces. Would that be allowed?"

"That's the best part~" Rias grins. "Since you're not actually joining the peerage, you're not limited by the system itself. Because remember, it's not that we're not allowed to use different pieces to recruit someone; it's that we can't."

"Rating Game rules have decided against banning this method from tournaments and matches for two reasons." Sona puts two fingers up. "One, it barely happens in the first place, and two, they think it'd be more exciting if they opened up more opportunities for other races to play without compromising their allegiances. After all, the festival itself is open for everyone, not just devils."

It's certainly a way to make more allies. I respect it. Without that, I'd still be stewing in my misery back home. It's good to know that they're making things easier for everyone, though. I can't believe I'm even thinking this, but I hope I'm not too strong to join.

I should be able to join. Rias and Sona aren't exactly weak. If they both rushed me and I'm not allowed to use Touki—which is a temporary amp—I'd probably lose. Being twice as strong as either of them shouldn't make me too powerful to enter the tournament.

Plus, Rias still has fourteen points left. She has a free bishop, knight, and rook. Plus, she didn't use any of her pawns. Sona has fewer points at eleven, but that should also be enough since she's slightly more powerful than Rias.

Although, I don't think it's to a threshold where it makes a difference point-wise.

All things considered, unless the system or my link to Excelsis is counted, I'm safe. Ichi, though? I don't know. Granted, he's nowhere near as strong as I am in his base state, but I'm certain that the Boosted Gear itself would be counted.

"These evil pieces…" Lucifer mutters to himself. "They're magnificent. To be able to create a device that can turn any race into a type of artificial devil is nothing short of genius. Even I wasn't able to do such a thing."

The difference here is that he made devils—incredibly powerful ones at that. I honestly don't think those two can be compared. Not to say that the evil pieces are a bad product or anything, but I'm surprised he's impressed with them this much.

"Ajuka Astaroth, taking the mantle of Beelzebub…" The Devil God chuckles. "I'm sure even the Lord of the Flies would be honored to have someone like that use his name."

"So then all we have to do now is to consider who teams up with whom," I say, ignoring him completely. "Which should be obvious."

"Oh?" Sona leans forward. "What do you have in mind?"

"Since you two are basically very close in power, overall, Rias would have more points," I explain. "Therefore, she'd have the person who is worth more."

"You?" Ichi guesses.

"You, dumbass."

"Huh?" He blinks. "Wait, what? How?"

"You're worth more by the sheer virtue of having a Longinus." I clarify. "True, it's technically a temporary boost, but Ddraig is a part of you. He's counted in the calculation."

"That is true," Sona confirms. "Sacred Gears are measured towards a user's overall power. Admittedly, there's a chance that you might be too powerful to join either peerage."

"Seriously?" Ichiban looks dejected. "Come on, how's that fair?"

"It doesn't help that you're as strong as a high-class in your current state," I add. "Maybe not with the magic to back it up, though."

"But you can punch as hard as one." The redhead hums. "And with your Balance Breaker, most of the competition would be a cakewalk. I don't think even Sai would be any trouble."

"You know, the praise is nice and all, but being told I might not get to enter the tournament makes me want to cry." He sighs, looking at Rias and clasping his hands together beggingly. "You can probably pull a few strings, right? Please, I really, really wanna join."

"I mean, I'll try, but it's not clear-cut. Fourteen points is a lot, you know?" She says. "I'm sure it'll be fine."

"And that leaves me with you," Sona glances at me, looking pleased. "Mhm. That'll do wonderfully. Our magic elements have greater synergy than Rias' destruction anyway."

"I have the Red Dragon Emperor on my side. You won't see me complaining." Rias scoffs, smirking at Ichiban. "We're definitely gonna win this tournament, aren't we, Kasuga?"

"Hell yeah!" He agrees enthusiastically. "No Ice Queen's gonna stand in our way."

"Unless that Ice Queen has a mechanical armor that will strangle you with your own dumbass cape." I challenge. "The tournament is ours. You might as well give up now."

"Oh, you're so on." Ichiban, being Ichiban, looks more excited than intimidated.

"It feels like you're disregarding the whole competition…" Sona mutters in exasperation. "There will be a lot of tough opponents, you know?"

Honestly, if Sairaorg really is the most powerful guy we have to worry about, then this tournament seems like it's going to be an easy win for either Rias or Sona. Not that I'm complaining, of course not. The easier it is, the better, after all. It's practically a free power-up for me.

And even though Sona tries to look cautious, I can tell that she's nearly as confident as Rias, which is good. Going into this tournament with a defeatist mindset is a sure way to lose in the first round. Honestly, I'd rather go in overconfident than terrified.

"How many teams this year, by the way?" Rias asked. "I haven't checked."

"Sixteen."

"You seen the brackets yet?"

"No. Tomorrow is the grand reveal." The Sitri answers.

"Oh, right, when are they going to 'quantify' us?" I question. "Shouldn't they do it before tomorrow?"

"Adding new peerage members to the documents, temporary or otherwise, is easy, so no, not necessarily." Sona shakes her head. "But it's better to wake up early in the morning to evaluate everything quickly. Try to be up at seven. Tournament officially starts at 12 PM."

Sounds good to me. I can spend the rest of today tinkering and making a few devices that would help me while I'm there. I'm sure we're going to encounter Sairaorg and his portal chick at some point, even if not on the battlefield.

Plus, scouting a few other powers I might decide to steal at some point. After all, I will one day come to a point where I'll be so utterly unstoppable that I won't have to worry about anyone seeing me going on devouring sprees.

"I have finally found you, Ichiban Kasuga,"

The somewhat familiar voice stops all of us as we all turn around to see that Vali is back again, eyes focused on my servant/friend. I can sense Ichiban and the devils in front of us tense at his presence, but no move was made.

"You again, huh…" Ichi mutters.

"I've given you enough time to prepare." He said. "There's nothing preventing you now, is there?"

"And you are?" Sona asks.

"None of your concern, Sitri."

"What's your problem?" Rias frowns, standing up from her seat. "You come here and rudely interrupt our conversation, and you won't even introduce yourself? Don't you think that's pretty rude?"

"Back off, woman. I'm not here for you." He scoffs, pointing at Ichiban. "I'm here to challenge him."

"Rias, it's fine," Ichiban says, gently pulling her arm away before looking at me. "So…?"

"You better kick his ass," I answer. "Make it extra one-sided, and I'll give you something nice."

"Aye, aye."

"What?" He narrows his eyes at me. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"It means you're about to get bullied so hard there won't be a White Dragon Emperor after you," I add with a smirk.

"What did you say?" He narrows his eyes at me.

"I said your precious Albion is gonna kill himself out of shame."

In an attempt to intimidate me, Vali releases some of his magic, which causes some of the hidden yakuza to tense as well, but they do nothing. This, of course, is nothing to me, so I release my own magic, which instantly eclipses his like it's a speck of dust in the face of a great mountain.

I make it just weak enough not to alert the civilians around us, only freezing the edges of our table and floor under it. Still, it's more than sufficient to make Vali flinch and take a step back, his saving grace being none other than Ichi, who wants to spare him any further embarrassment. How nice.

"Meet me west of here," Ichi says. "There's a big empty battleground next to a rundown-looking building. We'll fight there."

"...Right." He answers, his gaze still fixed on me as my smirk doesn't twitch. "You better not be late."

Eventually, Vali walks away and out of the cafe, leaving us four alone. Pussy…

"Was that really necessary?" Sona asks, looking at me in disapproval.

"Nope. Not at all." I say. "But it was pretty funny, wasn't it?"

Sona, with a deadpan expression, taps the table with the now rock-hard cup of coffee, making me realize what I did.

"Ah…" I clear my throat and look away, admittedly a little embarrassed. "Sorry…"

And here I thought I got good at controlling this mana presence thing.





– Ichiban –

Admittedly, Ichi might've forgotten all about the duel he was supposed to be having with this guy since, after the treaty, most of his time was spent either training, hanging out with what seemed to him like a depressed Akane for a time, or playing video games in his apartment when he had nothing else to do.

They were already done with their midterm exams, so these past few days in school had been relatively quiet. A bit monotonous as well, admittedly. To a point where the treaty felt like it hadn't happened at all.

But, of course, things had changed. For example, the devils weren't monitored nearly as much as before. He used to hear Rias sometimes complaining about it, but now, they seemed far more flexible than usual, running around town more frequently.

Sona looked a lot less stressed as well, smiling more often. It seemed this treaty was on her mind this entire time she was in Kuoh, and now that it had gone through, a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders. Honestly, Ichiban was happy for them all. They could breathe and act more their age now that there were fewer responsibilities to worry about.

Ichiban stretched his legs as he locked eyes with his opponent, who stood in front of him at a distance with his hands in his pockets. He supposed that he had forgotten that Vali was going to come back because this had never really been on his mind to begin with.

But oh well. It's not like he wasn't looking forward to a duel. The idea of being in an eternal fight with the wielders of Divine Dividing was still utterly stupid to him, but getting to at least test his strength against said rival? He was going to make the most of it.

Though admittedly, Ichiban was kind of pissed at him for disrespecting his friends right in front of him like that. He wasn't about to lose this, and from how super casual Akane sounded, he shouldn't lose unless he was playing around too much.

He glanced at her sitting on the stoop of the factory building turned training facility, with Rias and Sona beside her.

"You better not lose, Ichi," Akane said, not worried at all. "You got us as cheerleaders and everything, so don't you dare embarrass us."

"Cheerleaders?" Sona looked at her strangely. "Seriously?"

"Don't we have a cheerleading club at school?" Rias said. "Hmm, maybe we should've borrowed a few uniforms."

We have a what? He paused. How have I never heard of it?

Suddenly, Ichiban was handicapped by a severely distracting image of these three supermodels in cheerleading outfits. Akane was doing it on purpose— he knew she was. She brought it up knowing this was going to be Rias' response.

At this point, he didn't know which side she was on.

Ichiban shook his head and got into a fighting stance as Vali stood there, not moving.

"They seem assured of your victory. I certainly hope such confidence is not misplaced." He said."Unleash your Boosted Gear already. You don't stand a chance against me as you are now."

"Oh yeah?" Ichi narrowed his eyes. "Care to test that theory?"

Vali shrugged, and in the next second, he was in front of Ichiban, throwing a punch at his face. Ichi, who was used to even greater speed, blocked the attack with his forearm, causing a tingling sensation in it. There was considerable strength behind it, for sure.

"Oh?" Vali looked pleasantly surprised. "Interesting—"

Ichiban didn't let him even start a monologue as he threw his own jab, which the Lucifer descendant avoided by tilting his head and then leaping back.

"Very interesting." He added. "It seems that you're far stronger than you look, even though your magic feels… inadequate."

"I'm not relying on magic," Ichiban responded with a smirk. "I'm not even good at it in the first place. Terrible at math, you see."

"A fatal mistake," Vali commented, raising a hand and releasing a few demonic blasts his way.

Ichiban barely evaded the first one by side-stepping, then rushed towards his opponent, knowing he was at a severe disadvantage with so much space between them. He weaved and dodged the deadly projectiles, grabbing a pebble on the ground before flicking it at Vali.

Such a thing wouldn't hurt someone at his opponent's level, but it worked well enough as a distraction that it gave Ichi a small window to strike, and strike he did, landing a clean hit on Vali's face, who, while slightly damaged, only scoffed in response and deflected Ichiban's left hook, responding with a gut punch that left him reeling.

But Ichiban had had far worse than that and didn't let it stop his momentum as he countered with a surprising headbutt, staggering Vali and leaving him wide open. Ichiban used this opportunity to wail on him, hitting the devil boy with several heavy body shots, uppercuts, and kicks. Every strike was accompanied by a strong force that pushed the stones and sticks on the ground flying.

That was until Ichi suddenly felt half of his strength disappearing once blue energy wings sprung out of Vali's back. In an instant, Ichiban was on the back foot, getting blasted away by demonic power, sending him flying and tumbling over the ground until he hit a tree.

However, even with the pain from that attack, Ichi grinned.

"What was it that you said?" Ichiban stood up. "That I don't stand a chance against you in this state? Look who used his Sacred Gear first."

Well done, partner. Ddraig praised. Keep it up, but do not get cocky.

Surprisingly, Vali wasn't one bit perturbed or annoyed. In fact, he looked even more excited.

"To tell you the truth, Kasuga… When I first met you, I thought you were weak. Seeing you being ordered around by that girl made me sick." He said, cracking his knuckles. "It pleases me to know that my rival isn't some idiot who has been wasting his gift."

"I don't know what you're implying here, but that 'girl' can probably beat your ass harder than I already have." He responded, rolling his neck. "I wouldn't underestimate her if I were you."

"Certainly not. I've learned my lesson after today." He said. "Now then, enough holding back."

He says that… Ichiban releases his Sacred Gear, and a gauntlet forms around his right arm, returning his power to its original level. But he's not using his Balance Breaker yet.

"Are you seriously gonna drag this out, Ichi?" Akane shouted at him. "Go cape mode and knock him out already. Everyone knows you're winning anyway."

"Cape mode?" Vali parroted, glancing at her and ignoring the other comment. "What does she mean?"

"It's a surprise," Ichiban said coyly.

"Hmph." He scoffed. "No matter. I'll force it out of you regardless."

Vali, now at an advantage, dashed faster than before, but surprisingly, not faster than what Ichiban could react to. However, he was struck in the jaw as Vali tricked him with a quick feint. The attack launched him into the sky and above the cloud, which reminded Ichi that he couldn't fly without his Balance Breaker.

He was still able to defend himself, blocking a downward kick that sent him back down to the ground. The force of the impact created a small crater underneath him, and as Vali cast several blasts in his direction, Ichi knew he had to move.

He flipped and ran into the forest. He didn't have the luxury of flight in his current state like nearly every single person he ever encountered in his life, but it shouldn't be too bad to handle. As long as he brought Vali down, he should have the advantage.

He's more skilled than me in hand-to-hand. He probably trained way longer. Ichi analyzed, evading a blast. But he's nowhere near as experienced. Not in the street-fighting sense, at least. Fighting dirty is my best option.

Plus, the fact that he had to touch Ichiban to divide his powers worked in his favor. Ichi could boost a few times, gather enough strength, then jump him. That way, he'd have the advantage in no time.

A blast managed to hit him in the back, causing him to flinch and grunt in pain. That actually hurt quite a bit, but not as much as he expected.

But still… Ichi used his low magic to his advantage, making it hard for Vali to sense him. How come we're still on equal footing? Should I be weaker after he stole my energy?

Not quite. Ddraig supplied. When you boost, the Sacred Gear doesn't account for the fact that you're weakened, so it increases your strength relative to your initial power level.

Ah. That makes sense. He thought. Otherwise, Red Dragon Emperors would always be disadvantaged while fighting their rivals.

Precisely.

"Stop hiding, Kasuga!" Vali called out, continuing to release more and more demonic blasts. "Come out and face me!"

"Boost!"

"There!" Ichiban grinned, cutting down the tree behind him.

Copying a move he had once seen in his favorite anime ever, he picked up the tree, threw it at Vali, and quickly got on top of it before it got too far, riding the projectile he created. Obviously, he could've just jumped at Vali, but he'd always wanted to do that.

Plus, this bold maneuver ended up distracting the Lucifer descendant as he avoided the log, causing him to lower his guard just long enough for Ichiban to kick him down to the ground. Vali grunted and tried to restore his balance mid-fall, but the wannabe yakuza accounted for it and body-slammed the devil boy, forcing them back to the earth.

Ichiban continued wailing at him, stomping his opponent's wings and continuously bashing his face in. Vali desperately tried to defend himself, grabbing one of Ichi's fists as his blue wings glowed brightly.

"Divide!"

Once again, half of his energy vanished in an instant, used to power up the devil boy under him, who propelled himself with the force of his magic to spear Ichiban and drag him across the ground, landing devastating punches to his face,

"Boost!"

Ichi used his increased strength and skill in grappling to turn the tides, flipping the devil over and holding him in a chokehold while returning the favor by striking him in the face just as hard. Vali kept struggling until it was his Gear's turn to steal Ichiban's power. As expected, this continued until Ichiban's Boosted Gear shouted its signature 'Boost!'.

"Divide!"

"Boost!"

"Divide!"

"Boost!"

"Divide!"

Over and over until the pair grew tired. Vali acted first and used a considerable amount of his energy to launch Ichiban off him with a mighty sphere of demonic power, which the Red Dragon Emperor struggled to deflect.

Ichiban wasn't the best at sensing, but he knew that if this exploded here and now, it would wipe half of the forest off and possibly kill him. So, with gritted teeth, he did everything he could to redirect the blast upwards, causing it to fly above the clouds.

For a moment, the skies darkened to a dark red color as the large explosion split the clouds apart. The wannabe yakuza fell to his knees, panting from exhaustion, then stared at the equally tired Vali, who chuckled once their eyes met.

"Hehe… You're not bad at all, Kasuga." He said. "But I think it's about time we stopped playing around."

"What, I thought you weren't holding back anymore?" Ichi got on his feet. "Load of bullshit that was."

"I didn't expect I'd be pushed that far, I'll admit," Vali responded. "But you're right. I shouldn't have lied to you. What warrior would I be if I disrespected my rival?"

As he said that, his wings began to glow brighter and brighter.

"No more lies." He added. "This is everything I have."

And with that, a silver aura surrounded the devil boy, creating a pressure so powerful even the ground beneath started shattering. As the bright light vanished, Vali was there in a white suit of armor. At that moment, Ichiban felt his own power waning.

"Come at me with everything you've got, Kasuga!" Vali challenged. "Don't you dare hold back!"

He's strong. He thought. …But I've faced worse.

He's nothing to you. Ddraig said viciously. Crush him.

"You asked for it," Ichiban responded.

Where the earth under the Lucifer descendant cracked and broke, the immensely powerful subspecies of the wannabe yakuza's Balance Breaker created a massive crater. Where the White Dragon Emperor was surrounded by a strong aura, the Red Dragon Emperor was engulfed by a pillar of red draconic energy that pierced the clouds.

Where Vali was adorned with glimmering white armor, Ichiban only had a simple red cape.

"W-what… what is this?" Vali gasped in amazement.

Deciding that actions spoke louder than words, Ichiban charged faster than Vali could react to, gut-checking him so hard he was sent through a mountain. He didn't even let the devil boy process what had happened before appearing in front of him and kicking him in the face, grabbing his leg before he flew off and threw him back down.

But Ichiban landed before Vali reached the ground, kicking him back to where the fight had started. He toyed with his opponent, moving and striking faster than he could reasonably react to. From gut punches to kicks to jabs— it was a never-ending onslaught that Vali simply had no answer to.

To make matters worse for him, Ichiban was constantly growing with every passing second.

That was until, somehow, miraculously, Vali managed to catch a fist. For a moment, Ichiban felt his powers draining rapidly… until his Boosted Gear shouted something he was sure Vali had never heard of.

"Endure!"

"W-what the hell?!" He sounded shocked. "What is—"

"Endure!"

"I-it can't be…" Vali was in disbelief. "How?"

The draining effect of Divine Dividing seemed to be getting significantly weaker every time it shouted that word. Which greatly amused the gecko in Ichiban's head if his boisterous laugh was any indication.

"Well, I guess the fight's over," Ichiban said.

"No…" Vali refused. "I will never give up!"

"Too bad."

With one last punch to the face, his opponent was quickly put to sleep. He fell limply on the ground as his armor faded into tiny particles that vanished into the aether. Ichiban took a few steps back and fell to his knees with a winded sigh, his cape disappearing.

His Balance Breaker was busted, but it was challenging to maintain.

Fantastic work, partner! Ddraig roared excitedly. I haven't seen one of Albion's idiots lose this badly in centuries!

Aren't you going to yell at me to kill him? Ichiban asked.

Bah, killing him is pointless. The dragon snorted. Your girlfriend was right. You should keep humiliating him until Albion ends his own life out of shame.

I can't tell if this is worse or not. He groaned. And she's not my girlfriend.

You wish she was.

I do not.

"Woooh, Ichi. Good job." Akane suddenly said, approaching him with the devil girls in tow. "I knew you had it in you."

"You don't sound very excited." He pointed out.

"Yeah, cuz I knew you'd win, dumbass." She rolled her eyes, offering him a hand with a smirk. "I knew you were stronger ever since he showed up the first time."

"Heh, well, thanks for the vote of confidence." He took her hand as she helped him up. "Though, what do we do with him now?"

"Hmm, well, first…"

Akane pulled out her phone and took a few pictures of and even selfies with Vali's defeated form. All three looked at this scene in varying degrees of shock. Ichiban had expected this, admittedly. She'd looked like she hated his ass ever since he'd shown up the second time for some reason.

They'd barely even interacted.

"I'm gonna show him these pictures whenever he tries to pick a fight with you again." She says with a giggle.

"Evil…" Rias says, taking a step back.

"That's unnecessarily petty and mean." Sona agreed. "Please do not do that."

"He's going to show up again. I know he will." She claimed. "So either he pisses off and stops bothering us, or I share this everywhere."

"Seriously?"

"Yup." She nodded, putting her phone back in her pocket. "Anyway, let's just leave. The Tojo clan will take care of it."

"Is it really okay?" Ichiban asked.

"He asked for a duel and got his ass handed to him." She shrugged. "He's not our responsibility."

"Well, technically…" Sona shifted awkwardly. "...That is true…"

"You're seriously evil," Rias added.

"Also, don't think I forgot about your reward." Akane gave him a smug smirk and a wink.

"Yeah, yeah."

Knowing her, it was probably a Steam gift card at best. At worst? Gifting him an eroge, which he promptly declined. He would not stain his main account library with fucking porn.

Sometimes, being her friend felt more tiring than using cape mode.





– Akane –

Today was a good day.

Not only has my depression period ended, but I just saw that dumbass pretty boy get manhandled. And I finished the creation of my newest product…

I press send on my phone and then look at the tiny spiders, barely visible at all, all staring at me, awaiting my commands. It is a simple upgrade from the piece I used to eavesdrop on the treaty. They're not just chips that can listen in on anything, but they can also record and send out special signals showing their locations. Connected to my phone via Nemesis, who was the one that did most of the work, admittedly.

I'm going to spread these out everywhere in the underworld and have them stick to any person of interest because I'm pretty sure that now that the treaty has gone through, devils will be a lot more common on Earth. All of these adorable little spiders are controlled by Nemesis simultaneously.

The moment one of those persons of interest is in a perfect position… Ms. Terrorist will strike them when they least expect it.

Of course, it'll be tough. I still need to be able to teleport to enact my plans perfectly. But this is merely a setup. The execution will take some time until I create the perfect plan to get rid of that blond chick and take her power for myself.

So I'll use this tournament to study everything about her. Her mannerisms, strengths, weaknesses, relationships— everything. My cute spy spiders are going to make this incredibly easy.

I lean back on my chair and stretch my arms. Ah, it feels good when everything is proceeding smoothly.

"So, what did you think?" I mutter quietly.

"Ah, about Vali?" Lucifer says, turning his head away from the window to look at me. "Hmm… He's not as powerful as I expected a descendent of mine to be."

"What, disappointed?"

"Not particularly." He denies. "Although, I do find it strange how he never bothered using his heritage."

I pause at that. Right, pillar devil.

"What's that?"

"Demonic Light." He answers. "The perfect balance of holy and unholy magic."

"That sounds powerful."

"It is. If you're proficient." He nods. "It's capable of tearing through the resistances of holy and unholy entities. It's not quite as special as portal creation or time manipulation, but it certainly helped me in the great war."

"Huh. But Ichiban is neither holy nor unholy." I say. "So why bother?"

"It is more powerful than regular demonic blasts and doesn't cost as much." He clarifies. "Perhaps he isn't able to manipulate it? He is half-human, after all. Ah, who cares? I certainly do not."

"You don't?" I snort. "That's pretty sad."

"He simply does not interest me." Lucifer smiles. "Not as much as you do."

"Sorry, you're too dead for me."

He chuckles at that.

"Well, I should probably go to sleep now." I get up from my chair and fall onto my bed. "I have a long day ahead of me."

"Of course." Lucifer nods. "Sweet dreams."

This tournament can't come too soon.





– Bonus Scene – Ichiban –

Lying on his bed sideways, he continued his eighth playthrough of Dragon Quest XI on his old PS4, enjoying it just as much as the first time he played it. There were many incredible games out there, from Bloodborne, which was Akane's favorite, to GTA, to most Nintendo titles…

But nothing could come close to Dragon Quest. The game that had captured his heart and made him love video games in the first place. Seriously, this game wasn't just his favorite, but it had saved his life.

Ichiban had almost ended his friendship with Akane when she called it boring. How fucking could she?

He could understand calling him a DQ nerd— for he was proud to be one. So much that he had every single DQ title on his shelves. Yes, even the ones from the eighties. Yeah, retro games had cost a fortune, and Ichiban wasn't exactly a collector, but this was the exception.

Honestly, that girl had no shame. She didn't even give him a good reason. She said, 'It's a turn-based game, so it's terrible by default', even though she loves Pokémon and plays bore fests like Stellaris.

"No consistency…" He muttered quietly.

He paused as his phone beside him vibrated. Coincidentally, a message from Akane. He paused the game and checked it out, eyes going wide and jaw nearly dropping to the floor.

It was a captioned picture of her, no clothes, in front of a large mirror, using only one finger to cover her privates, and a clear blush on her face, barely concealed by her phone.

Spoiler: Akane Lewd

"H-holy…"

He had seen her in a bikini before, and other outfits that showed skin, but this… this was different. It made him realize just how unbelievably supernatural her body was, from flawless pale skin, supple and thick thighs, extremely soft and big breasts…

He could almost see everything. That incredibly frustrating and annoying finger of hers was just enough to cover the private bits, even as he zoomed in. Honestly, Ichiban almost couldn't believe what he was seeing as he read the caption.

Akane: Don't show this to anyone, or you lose your manhood~

The threat was par for the course, but this… he didn't know what to think.

But as his heart kept pounding in his chest once he pressed 'save', he only knew that this was the most incredible fucking reward he could've ever asked for.

Not your girlfriend, eh? He heard Ddraig snort.

Shut up. She's not.

But he really wished she was.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, GG13 and 160 others
Mirlnir
Jul 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 45: Sweet Promise
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Aug 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#789
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, UwU


– Daigo –

"Any word on this mystery terrorist problem?" He asked his right-hand man, who put a stack of papers on his desk.

"None." Mine responded with a hint of frustration. "They've vanished without a trace, and we're still in the dark about their motives for the initial strike."

This was a problem. It was unacceptable that this had gone right under their noses in the first place, but to not even find out why this happened at all? This couldn't be some random warning shot to prevent the peace treaty, as said treaty had already gone through, so why?

Just who or what was responsible for something like that? All things considered, the disappearance of some random two-bit gangs wasn't really a problem. It's not like they were of any importance, so what was the point?

Was this really the doing of some terrorist with a goal? Well, it had to be. The fact that there wasn't even a drop of blood left behind meant that they weren't an amateur. The fact that they hit a relatively unguarded region meant that it was planned, seeing that most of the Yakuza forces had been in Kanto due to the treaty.

It couldn't be the Amon clan. Not only did Mizuki think this wasn't like them, but this move didn't make sense at all. Their goal wasn't to scare the Tojo clan or kill random humans; it was to take Akane away from them.

So then, why Hokkaido? Was there something they didn't know about? Daigo had had his men look for anything that might explain this random attack. No stone had been left unturned, and yet, nothing. There was nothing.

"I'm starting to think it was the work of a monster." Mine said, sharing his thoughts. "A smart one, but nothing that could be described as an attack on Japan."

"No, I don't think so." Daigo disagreed. "This silence… it feels off. Call it a gut feeling, but I think that, whoever they are, they're waiting for a perfect opportunity to strike again."

"You think they're hoping we let our guard down?"

"Yes." He nodded in confirmation. "Though I'll admit, I could just be paranoid."

"No, it's a valid concern." Mine said, then paused for a moment. "...It does make me wonder if we can use this to our advantage."

Daigo raised a brow, feeling intrigued. He could always rely on his right-hand man, couldn't he? Although he wouldn't admit it in front of him, he also dreaded what he was about to hear. Mine's plans could sound a little too pragmatic for his taste.

"What do you have in mind?"

"We'll give them what they want." He answered. "Pretend to let our guard down. It'll be at a risk, but—"

"It might help with our investigation."

"Yes. It will be tough, but we might be able to figure out their goal or at least an indication of what they could want." Mine nodded. "If they attack Hokkaido again, then the chances of that region holding something important increase. If they attack somewhere else, we can safely say they're trying to provoke us specifically."

Or whatever they wanted was in Japan.

"Hmm… It's not a perfect plan, but it's not like we can do anything better with the lack of information." Daigo muttered. "I don't like it, but it'll have to do. Tell the Hamazaki Family to return to Tokyo."

"Understood." Mine said before pausing. "On another note, I believe you've received an invitation from Sirzechs-san."

"Ah, you mean for the festival?" The sixth chairman said. "I have."

"You're not going?" His first captain raised a brow. "You do know that Tatsu's girl and her friends would participate in that tournament of theirs, yes? I expected you'd be interested to see how she fares in that competition."

"I am. To an extent." He admitted. "But I can't be wasting three days doing nothing. There's still a lot of work to be done."

He pointed at the stack of papers on his desk. Although he'd love to see how strong the girl was, he could always arrange a test of some sort. Pitting her against someone like Majima would be more than enough to evaluate her level of strength, even if she didn't have a chance at winning.

However, according to the Mad Dog's reports, Akane grew insanely quickly in serious encounters.

"Hmm, that is fair." His captain said. "Though, why not have someone like Majima go with them? I imagine some security would be wise."

"Sirzechs-san has promised to ensure their safety, and I'm sure he knows what would happen if any of them got hurt," Daigo said. Not sending his own guards with them was a sign of trust. "Besides, Mizuki-san is going as well, and there's no one I trust more to take care of Akane than her own mother."

He was very doubtful that the Amon clan would ever try something in the underworld, and Mizuki herself didn't seem worried about them either. It was the fact that they were going to the underworld that bothered the poor woman.

"That… is the issue, sir." Mine said. "It's not Akane that needs babysitting."

Daigo paused as he thought about that. That… was a very good point, actually. Mizuki's problems with the devils might end up being an issue. But that will be fine. He had gotten word about a certain someone being there. Someone very good at keeping the peace.

Plus, he trusted Mizuki. She was stubborn as hell, but she wasn't stupid. She wouldn't do anything to warrant a public apology from the Tojo Clan.

Hopefully.

"I'm sure it'll be fine." He said, not sure it would be fine. "Mizuki-san isn't a child. She can control herself if she's willing to go to the underworld. Give her some credit, Mine."

His captain was not convinced.

"Look, I just got a message from Akiyama," Daigo revealed. "He's attending the festival, and none of our men know Mizuki more than him. He'll handle it."

"…If things go wrong—"

"If things go wrong, Mizuki-san will be punished accordingly."

"You want to punish the most ungovernable woman in existence?" His captain looked doubtful. "You do realize she has somehow avoided paying a single yen in taxes by herself ever since settling down, yes? The government is not pleased with us. They know she's a Tojo Clan problem."

"Let me worry about this, alright?" Daigo sighed, rubbing his forehead. "Just tell me how the progress with our tech is going."

Knowing that arguing about Mizuki was ultimately pointless – There existed no force in this universe that would get her to pay taxes – Mine decided to drop that conversation altogether, answering his other demand.

"Very good. Getting our hands on Amon tech propelled us more than five years ahead in the span of a month." Mine said. "We'll be able to get all of our tech upgraded and working by the end of August."

Now, this was what he liked to hear—music to his ears.

Finally, some good news.




– Akane –

"Do you really need all this?" I ask my mother, carrying several bags worth of clothes and other personal belongings. "We're only gonna be there for three days, not three years."

Then again, I don't know why I'm even bringing this up. She would do this every time we leave Japan on a vacation, even though the longest we've ever been on a vacation was, what, a month? When we visited Hawaii.

…Huh, we should go there on summer vacation to celebrate winning the tournament. And being outside Yakuza surveillance actually sounds very nice. I know they're just trying to keep me safe, but it's also really annoying. I'm not allowed to punch random people anymore. Imagine that?

"Oh, and what's this?" She points at the mecha armor standing next to me. "Complainin' about bags when you have this guy as luggage?"

"First of all, I'm gonna use this." I scoff, gently knocking on the armor's metal arm. "You won't use most of the stuff you bring with you."

"Well, I'm not the one with the secret pocket dimension that can store my stuff for me." She responds with a defensive tone. "I don't even know where you got that power from."

"That has nothing to do with what I asked," I argue, following up with a lie. "Plus, my 'secret pocket dimension' has a limit."

"Pshh, whatever." My mother rolls her eyes. "I'm just trying to be safe."

"The only thing you should worry about is not starting a fight with the locals."

"You have no right to say that to me!" She says indignantly. "I'm not the one who got acquainted with police officers because I can't keep my hands off people!"

"That doesn't help with your discrimination problem." I counter casually before pointing at Asia, standing beside her with a single bag. "Why can't you be like her? She's a woman of God yet isn't racist like you."

"I-I'm not racist!"

"Said every racist ever." I snort. "Next, you're gonna tell me your closest friends are devils."

Mizuki doesn't respond verbally, only glares at me, knowing that trying to argue will get her nowhere with me. She can deny it as much as she wants, but this is the textbook definition of racism.

I can't believe I'm the reasonable one in this situation, though.

"Um, I don't think Mizuki-san is racist," Asia says. "I mean, I don't condone discrimination in any way, but I think it's natural to feel that way after being hurt like that. It's only human, right? As long as we know it's wrong and work to better ourselves, I'm sure the Lord will forgive us."

"Asia…" Mizuki looks at the blond with teary eyes, weeping in a highly exaggerated manner worthy of an Oscar. "I love you so much, my second daughter! Oh, if only this rude gremlin were just as kind as you are…"

"Call me 'gremlin' one more time and see what happens."

"See?!" She hugs Asia tightly and sobs. "She's threatening me! Her own mother! Why must I suffer such disrespect and scorn from my own flesh and blood?!"

"Akane-san, you have to be nice to your mom." Asia scolds me with a frown, surprising me greatly. "She took care of you since you were little. You shouldn't be rude to her."

"Yeah, tell her!"

"Since when did you have the guts?" I raise a brow, genuinely impressed. Seriously, where did that come from? "...Fine, but only because you asked."

I switch my gaze to the very smug-looking old woman in front of me.

"I'm very sorry that you're racist."

"That's not what she meant!" Mizuki complains. "I want a proper apology, damn it!"

Right on cue, I sense the Rias and the others outside, making me smirk.

"Oh, would you look at that? Our ride is here." I open the front door. "Come on, we don't want to be late."

I don't wait for any kind of response as I walk outside, seeing Rias, Akeno, and Ichi. I quickly assume that the rest of the devils are in the underworld, so I make no mention of it as the redhead waves at me with an excited grin.

Said grin falters as she meets eyes with my mother, but it doesn't outright drop. Regardless of the tense look Mizuki has on her face, Rias keeps a positive vibe, as her mannerisms don't show any nervousness or anxiety.

After all, the childlike wonder in her eyes as she looks at the suit of armor behind me is infectious. I, too, am overjoyed. I even programmed a special AI to follow very basic commands. I don't want to wear it the entire time, after all. Also, having a unit like this following me around makes me feel powerful.

Ichiban, though, blushes and looks away when he sees me, which is precisely the reaction I was hoping to get. He doesn't even glance at the armor. God, the only thing that beats this delightful feeling of embarrassing the fuck out of him is devouring souls.

Even that is arguable.

"Hey! You girls are up quick." Rias greets us, glancing at the four bags being carried by my mother. "Uh, forgive me for asking, but what's all this for? You know you're only going to be there for three days, right?"

"Ignore it," I say, noticing the lack of a particular person. "Where's Issei? Wasn't he going to come with us?"

"He changed his mind," Ichi answers, still looking a bit nervous. "Wasn't telling me why, though. Sounded kinda weird on the phone."

Huh. That's weird. He was looking forward to this almost as much as Ichiban. Oh well, it's not like he was going to be useful anyway. He'd just be there to make us look good. Glorified cheerleader.

…I guess I'll have a bot or two watching over him. I am a little curious.

"Right…" I look at Rias. "We're ready."

"Alright!" The redhead raises an arm with Akeno, creating a glowing magic circle beneath us. "Hang on, teleporting for the first time can be a bit disorienting."

The magic circle shines brighter, and in a flash, I can immediately notice the shift in the air around us, telling us that we've successfully teleported to the underworld. I blink a few times to adjust my vision, seeing that we're in an unfamiliar courtyard within a palace, if the massive towers around us are any indication.

Some very familiar people are near us, however. Besides the rest of Rias' peerage, I can see Sona, her team, and many others. Riser and his harem on one side, Sairaorg with his peerage, as well as many other devils I've never met before.

Some are just teleporting here, in fact. Though, besides the ones I already know, only two somewhat catch my attention. One is a girl around my age with pale greenish blond hair and red eyes, wearing glasses even though I'm pretty sure she has perfect, if not supernatural, vision. I think glasses are just a fashion statement for devils. Sona wears them, too.

The other one, though, looks weirdly familiar. Dark green hair with a typical and very punchable bishonen face. He isn't powerful, but something about him screams bad news. I don't know why. My metaknowledge cuts off right after the supposed invasion, so could this be someone I used to know before my memories faded? I don't know. I'll keep an eye out, though, just in case.

Observe tells me that those two are Seekvaria Agares and Diodora Astaroth, respectively. I use Observe on everyone here, obviously, but those two are the only ones worth mentioning. Is this really the competition?

…I feel like I wasted my time preparing for it. God, most of them are fodder.

"Ah, you're here." Sona is the first to greet us with a smile, eyes flickering to my mother and then back to me. "Early as well. That's good."

"You say early, but a lot of people are already here," Ichiban responds. "What is this place, anyway?"

"Palace of Lucifer." My mother answers with an uncharacteristically quiet tone.

…Yeah, maybe she shouldn't have come here. I like her more when she's her quirky, annoying self.

"L-Lucifer?!" Asia repeats, looking shocked. "T-this is the home of the Devil King?!"

"Correct," Sona nods. "It's currently the home of Lord Sirzechs, and right there—"

She points behind us, prompting us to look at a massive stadium. Very similar to a football stadium, in fact, but a LOT bigger. Twice as big as what we humans have. Huh. Feels like whoever built that went a little overboard.

"—is where the tournament will take place." She continues. "Though the first match is still hours from now."

"But I thought Rating Games took place in a pocket dimension?" Ichiban says. "Why a whole stadium if we're not going to be fighting in it in the first place?"

"Well, devils tend to take inspiration from humans and their ideas." Rias answers, prompting an audible snort from my mother, which is ignored. "The games won't take place in the stadium, but that's where the audience will be seated."

"We can answer your questions on the way," Sona adds. "Follow me; I'll lead you to the evaluation test."

The Sitri Devil, alongside Rias and their Queens, leads us to the opposite side of the stadium and into the palace itself, as the rest of their peerages stay in the courtyard. We encounter practically nobody else through the dimly lit hallways, and I remind myself that getting temporary peerage members is rare. According to the girls, at least.

We ask them a couple more questions, mostly about the layout of the castle, where Sirzechs is, and the rules of the Rating Game. Nothing worth mentioning other than the fact that intentionally killing someone is against the rules; however, accidental killings are allowed.

Which is something, I guess? I won't bother trying to 'accidentally' kill someone since it's a risky move for no good reason. Leveling up isn't as good as devouring souls, anyway, and getting myself disqualified because I didn't like someone in particular doesn't sound intelligent, even if it sounds funny.

I'll play by the rules. I have nothing to lose, and Ichiban and Rias' team are the only people I view as a threat. Everyone else is fodder in comparison. I won't have to use my armor until I face off against Ichi because, as much as I don't like to admit it, his Balance Breaker is way more than I can handle, even with the armor.

But it's not Ichiban that I need to defeat here. I just have to distract him. Rias is the main target, so if she's out, we win the tournament. They know this, obviously, so they're going to plan around it, but I have a perfect foolproof strategy.

And it requires something I got from Majima a little earlier today. That man is a life-saver. As fucked-up and weird as he is, I like him.

I glance at the handy Tojo tech in my inventory with a smirk. Oh, this is going to be so good~! I need to figure out a way to recreate it soon.

"Here we are," Sona says, stopping in front of an office door. "Kasuga, Akane, please step forward."

I blink, not sensing anything or anyone behind the door, but I pause as soon as I see who's inside the moment Sona opens it. I don't know what exactly I expected— maybe a machine that determines our values compared to Sona or Rias. Or if not, then some random guy to prepare a spell that could do such a thing.

I didn't think this was going to be a simple office.

But I immediately recognize the man inside, reading a book on his chair. Observe only shows question marks, as I thought it would because this is no random devil. The sheer presence I felt the moment that door opened was enough to put me on edge.

Slicked back green hair, blue eyes, a cold, unfeeling gaze, and an aura so powerful it feels like he's simultaneously controlling every drop of mana in the atmosphere. The soul-piercing glance he gave me told me that, besides Lucifer, this man is far, far more dangerous than anyone I've ever encountered. Not even Sirzechs felt this way.

Ajuka Beelzebub. One of the current Satans and the creator of the evil pieces.

"Greetings, Lord Beelzebub." Sona and Rias bow politely. "These two are our chosen partners. Ichiban Kasuga with Rias Gremory, and Akane Amamiya with me, Sona Sitri."

He says nothing for a moment, staring directly at my eyes. I don't sense malice or the intent to hurt me from him, which is why I'm not precisely intimidated…

…Yet it feels like I'm directly staring into the jaws of death.

"He's dangerous." I suddenly hear Lucifer's voice as he materializes behind me, confirming my thoughts. "Very, very dangerous."

Ajuka continues his silent staring, staying dead still.

"If you ever find yourself an enemy of his." The devil god looks at me with a serious frown. "Do not engage."

Not even Sirzechs got a warning as severe as this…

Just who the hell am I looking at?

"Akane Amamiya." He suddenly says my name. "...Ten points. You're allowed to participate."

Oh. Oh, that's good. One point to spare.

Right, I nearly forgot why we were here for a moment. I didn't expect this evaluation to work like this. I expected a whole process…

I finally tear my gaze away from Ajuka to look at my partner, seeing Sona smiling widely, pleased with the result. She bows again in respect and gratitude as he looks at Ichiban, gauging him up before answering.

"Ichiban Kasuga. Red Dragon Emperor." He said, pausing for dramatic effect for whatever reason. "...Fourteen points. You're allowed to participate."

"LET'S FUCKING GOOOO!" Ichiban celebrates loudly before freezing, remembering where he is and who's in front of him. "I mean, yeah… nice. Cool."

Dumbass. How the hell isn't he feeling the tremendous pressure that's around Ajuka? Does he just not give a fuck?

"Thank you so much, Lord Beelzebub!" Rias beams. "We will be taking our leave now."

With that, Ajuka goes back to his book, pretending we aren't there. I give him one final glance as I follow Rias and Sona outside, deciding to avoid this man at all costs. Or until I figure out what he is and what he can do. I don't like him. Being in his presence made me feel like an open book.

"Is everything okay?" My mother, who is waiting outside with Asia, asks me, looking very worried.

"Better than okay," I say confidently. "We're in."

"Both of you?" Asia asks.

"Hell yeah!" Ichiban's grin widens. "Exactly fourteen points! Imagine that?"

Surprisingly, Mizuki gives us a smile at that, seemingly happy for us. Well, I did make it clear that I've been wanting to join this tournament ever since I heard about it, so she knows I'm very pleased. And Ichi's excitement has always been incredibly contagious.

"Now that we've gotten everything done, we'll show you where you'll be staying for the duration of the tournament," Sona says, clasping her hands together before looking at Mizuki and Asia. "Though I hope you don't mind, you'll be in a separate building from Akane and Ichiban, as they're participants while you're the audience."

My mother immediately looks like she wants to protest, but a single look from me tells her that I'll be fine. After all, Ichiban is with me, and unless you have people of Saejima's caliber, you're not doing shit to either of us.

"...Fine." Mizuki sighs. "Call me in an hour, Akane."

"Got it."

"Tsubaki and Akeno will show you the way to the hotel," Sona says professionally. "I hope you'll enjoy your stay there. We've picked the most luxurious lodgings in the underworld, and everything is already paid for."

The Queen pieces quickly take the luggage off their hands, giving my mother a disarming smile that she doesn't seem to like very much, and lead the two away to wherever their hotel is.

"As for you two…" Rias grins. "Well, I won't spoil the surprise. Just come with me. You're going to love it here."

She must be very confident if she's saying that. That, or she's saying it to Ichi specifically. But who cares about a room? I'm here to kick ass and finish a quest.

This tournament is mine.





– Ichiban –

Initially, when he'd heard Sona say they had already prepared a hotel for Mizuki and Asia, he expected the same for him and Akane. He thought that the separation of the audience and participants made perfect sense. It probably wasn't a good idea to mix everyone together.

At first, as the two humans followed the two devils outside the palace and somewhere closer to the stadium, he thought that they'd be thrown in another hotel primarily composed of participants.

Which was OK with him. Ichi was as social as they came. He'd love talking to other teams and making new friendships. Maybe some kind of guys-only hang out after a match would be a thing here because, as lucky as he was being surrounded by gorgeous women all the time, he barely knew any guy his age. Issei, who wasn't even here, and Kiba. That was it.

Ichiban, however, did not expect a fucking resort ten times the size of Akane's home ENTIRELY for them alone. Yes. Two people. It wasn't shared with others. Not even the millionaires on Earth could afford this entire modern-looking resort of this scale.

"Holy shit…" He breathed in utter awe at what he was seeing.

This was majestic, fit for royalty. In fact, Ichiban felt unworthy just staring at this fortress of a private resort, which had gardens, fields, an outside pool that could probably comfortably accommodate fifty people, and there was a beautiful lake under the cliff the building stood on. It was just that incredible.

"Dayum." Akane, of course, had a far more reserved reaction. Although, she did look genuinely impressed. "You girls seriously didn't hold back on this, huh?"

"For our friends? It'd be an insult if we gave you any less." Sona said, looking proud of herself. "And nothing is for show, either. You can use all the facilities within the resort to your heart's content."

"How'd you even get this for us?" Ichiban had to ask. "Does everyone participating get a place like this?"

"Nope. It's a special case for you two. And us, since we have a similar place ourselves." Rias grinned. "We both have Satan siblings, remember? Pulling a few strings has never been so easy~"

"Is this really okay?" He hesitated.

This felt too much for him. Could he really enjoy something like this? Him? What did he do to deserve it? All his life, Ichiban had been content with the little things. The small apartment in Kuoh felt absolutely perfect for him, so getting to enjoy this, even temporarily, felt wrong.

It did always feel weird being the only poor guy surrounded by people who were either middle-class or fucking royalty. Hell, the three girls near him were the latter in some capacity. Seriously, how had he gotten himself into this position?

"Of course it is, Kasuga." Rias giggled. "After all, tournament aside, this is a devil festival, and you guys are guests. I'd feel awful if you didn't enjoy it here."

"Just accept their generosity, Ichi." Akane playfully smacked him on the shoulder. "It makes you look bad otherwise. Though, one question."

"Yes?" Sona tilted her head.

"Logically speaking, shouldn't Sona and I share a place," She pointed out, glancing at Rias. "While Rias and Ichi share theirs?"

"That was the plan originally." The Sitri devil nodded. "But we got word that Ichiban must be in the same residence as you."

Right. I'm her bodyguard. Ichiban reminded himself. I guess that makes sense? But still…

"Then how come we aren't all in the same resort?"

"That was also what we intended to do." Rias shrugged. "But Sirzechs and Sera disagreed, saying something about it being crowded."

Crowded? This place? It'd still feel empty even if you multiplied their entire groups by ten.

"I guess that's their way of spoiling, huh? Or flexing." Akane noted. "Oh well, I won't say no to this. Though, no offense to either of you or your siblings, I actually do prefer smaller places."

"You do?" Ichiban looked at her quizzically.

She'd always flaunt her wealth around, saying things like 'I could buy Kuoh if I wanted to' or 'I'm going to personally fund Bloodborne 2 if it doesn't come out this year', so he thought she loved massive castles like this to go with this spoiled princess archetype.

"Yeah." She confirmed. "My place back in Kiyoraha? Perfect for me, and it's barely a tenth of the size."

Right, her hometown was in Kansai.

"I understand." Sona took it well. "But be sure to enjoy yourselves here. There are still four hours until the tournament, so you have more than enough time to have fun and relax."

"And if you need anything else, call us," Rias said. "Phones still work here, y'know? There's WiFi and everything, too. You can browse both human and supernatural networks."

This seemed to pique Akane's interest as she smiled widely. Of course, she would be happy about that. Though, to be fair, you can't live too long without the internet after experiencing it. Ichiban understood that.

"We can?!" She exclaimed. "This is gonna be amazing~"

"You look more excited about the internet than you are about the tournament," Ichiban noted in exasperation before addressing the devil girls. "Thanks a lot, you two."

"Any time!" The redhead waved it off. "Anyway, we'll be off now. I'll send you a message when it's time to strategize, Kasuga."

"Sure."

With that, the two girls created a magical circle and teleported away, with Rias throwing a peace sign right before vanishing. With this, they were finally left alone… which Ichiban quickly regretted as his mind wandered to the picture Akane had sent him the night before.

"Come on, let's explore." She suddenly said, taking his hand and dashing towards the door.

"Easy there." He sighed. "I thought you liked smaller places. Why do you look so excited?"

The suit of armor automatically followed them closely as they explored the resort, entering every room they could find. For a place in the underworld where most streets looked a bit medieval, it was modern as fuck with a hint of magic. It really felt like a billionaire vacation home.

An aquarium, an inside pool, some magic massaging machine, a sauna, a whole ass room for all kinds of entertainment, from entire shelves filled with Blu-rays with a giant TV screen to even video games that weren't out yet – unfortunately, no Bloodborne 2 – There was even an indoor gym below that. It was basically the ideal mansion for anyone.

Several bedrooms with huge king-sized beds alleviated any kind of stress—literally. According to Akane, the beds were enchanted with some weird magic to make whoever was lying on them as comfortable as possible.

The kitchen was stocked with various ingredients, snacks, and drinks. Entire recipes from all over the world were attached to the walls. With everything here, Ichiban was more than confident they could live here for a whole year before noticing they were running out of supplies.

Even a single bathroom was bigger than his apartment. That was how insane this place was.

"I can't believe I'm saying this, but you were severely outdone." He told his best friend. "They might actually be richer than you."

"Heh, maybe before they made this place." Akane seemed unbothered, lying on the bench beside the outdoor pool as her robot armor stood next to her. It kept following her around like a pet. "But people who burn money like this only give you the illusion that they're that rich."

"Right, considering how unreasonably stingy you are, that makes perfect sense." Ichiban snorted. "So I take it back."

"That's the thing, Ichi." She smirked. "Every rich guy is a greedy motherfucker. That's how they stay rich."

"Are you calling yourself greedy?"

"Fuck yeah, I am." She admitted with zero shame. "How do you think Kaa-san and I are still billionaires?"

"Not throwing your money around?"

"Tax evasion."

Ichiban paused.

"What?"

"Anyway, what should we do now?" She asked. "It's still pretty early. We barely spent thirty minutes checking out the whole place."

…He would ignore that bit about evading taxes. For his own sake.

"Hmm…" Ichiban hummed in thought.

The problem was that there was a lot they could do to waste time here. The gym in the basement could do well as some sort of warm-up before the real thing. Or they could enjoy some video games.

Ichi felt that going for a swim right now felt too early, even though he'd do a lot to see her in a bikini after what she'd sent him last night.

The memory quickly made his face burn. Goddamn it, and he just forgot about it too…

He looked at her lying there, reminded of how attractive she was. He stared at her chest, rising with every breath she drew while she was completely oblivious to his gaze, seemingly thinking about what they should be doing next.

…But since they were alone, he might as well bring it up.

"S-so uh…" He cleared his throat. "Got a question, actually."

"Yeah?"

"About that image you sent me…" He said, and at her confused look, he explained. "…The nude picture… Did you really mean to send me that, or was it on accident?"

He didn't know why he asked that. It was pretty clear from the caption attached to the image itself, but honestly, that was the best he could do to bring it up without sounding like a creep.

"Cuz like— it kind of felt odd? I know you like to tease me, but isn't that a little too much?" He clarified. "I dunno…"

Akane looked at him silently for a few seconds, which immediately made him regret ever mentioning it. Why couldn't he learn how to shut the fuck up and enjoy the blessings he was given? Why did he have to make a fool out of himself?

The more he spoke, the more he was convinced that he would die alone.

"I don't know how you, but you make stupidity attractive." She said.

"Huh?" He blinked.

"No, Ichi. It wasn't an accident." She sighed before giving him a smirk and sitting up. "I fully intended to have you see that."

"A-ah…"

"Why? Did you enjoy it?" She asked. "Do you want more?"

"M-more?! I-I mean, I wouldn't really mind if you're—"

He froze as Akane suddenly sprung toward him, inching closer to his face as he stood there motionless.

"Or would you rather I…" She said sultrily, slowly unbuttoning her shirt and showing a bit of cleavage. "…Give you a private show? We still have a few hours before the first match~"

What the fuck is happening?

Ichiban didn't know how to answer that. Was she actually being serious? Was this another scheme of hers to mess with him? But this was too intimate. This was…

He didn't even move as she felt her hand take his, guiding it to her divinely soft breast. Even as he reflexively squeezed, she didn't do anything, merely widening her smug smirk at him. Was this a dream? A joke? No.

This felt too real to be a dream or one of her usual jokes.

"...I-if I say yes…" He worked up the courage to speak. "…should I expect to be kicked in the balls?"

This could still be a trap.

"Hilarious." She giggled softly. "…Though, if you do say yes, I'd refuse."

"So it was just teasing after all…" Ichiban didn't bother hiding the disappointment in his tone.

"No. Because that'd be too easy." She said, resting her breasts on his chest as she brought him closer. "So here's what's going to happen…"

As he finally worked up enough courage to maintain eye contact with her, only then he noticed how red her face was.

"If you manage to defeat me in a Rating Game match…" She whispered in his ear, prompting a shiver down his spine. "…I'll give you something even better than that photo."

Something better? His imagination went wild.

"Do we have a deal?"

He nodded slowly.

"Great!" She quickly backed off, flipping the entire mood upside down as she dragged him by his hand. "Come on, I bet I can kick your ass in FighterZ."

He might still be unsure if his best friend(?) was still messing around or not, seeing as she didn't bother buttoning her shirt.

But for some reason, Ichiban had never felt so motivated to win a competition in these seventeen years of his life.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 136 others
Mirlnir
Aug 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 46: The Gathering
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Aug 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#802
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, UwU


– Mizuki –

Going down the bustling streets of Lucifaad, she immediately loathed her current situation. It wasn't the fact that she was in the heart of the devil world, although that certainly played a big part in it— but being nowhere near her daughter made her feel sick.

Images of her late husband's corpse terrorized every waking moment after she and Akane had been separated, making Mizuki fear the worst. Even though it was pure paranoia, and she knew she was being unreasonable, she still worried for her daughter immensely.

The last time Akane had gone to the underworld, she'd had Daigo and Mine with her, but now they weren't here, and while she was much stronger now and had Ichiban at her side, it wasn't the same. There wasn't even anyone protecting her from the shadows.

Just why did Akane want to join this tournament so much? She just had to show interest in the one thing Mizuki didn't want her to show interest in. Devil activities that involved her going to the underworld.

And why couldn't her daughter understand that even though her devil friends were okay…ish, being anywhere in devil territory was dangerous? Mizuki couldn't count the number of people who would love to take advantage of her here.

She sighed deeply, tightening her hold on Asia's hand as they 'explored' the city. This was just her unreasonable side speaking, of course. Mizuki knew that her daughter was too smart to be fooled by anyone here and too strong for most devils. She also knew that Sirzechs and the other New Satans had a few guards stationed to ensure she was safe.

Ironically, Akane was safest within this city. Obviously, not as much as back home, where surveillance was nearly everywhere, specifically there to ensure she was okay, but it was something to consider.

Mizuki was just being a worrywart. For good reason, perhaps, but it was probably fine. Even though it was every mother's job to worry about their children, she knew she could be overbearing sometimes. That was why she'd agreed to let Akane participate. She didn't want to control her daughter so much that she'd resent her mother. Nothing scared her more than seeing Akane dying, but Akane hating her was a close second for sure.

Plus, she knew her daughter was incredibly powerful for her age. Unless she was jumped, she could topple most opponents in her strength class comfortably. And Akane was smart— she knew to retreat when she had no chance of winning.

…Almost. Kind of. Back then, when she used to pick fights against other delinquents, she threw hands even if she was outnumbered. The number of times she had run away from a fight could be counted on one hand.

But that was a long time ago. Her daughter now was a much wiser, much more intelligent individual. She probably knew when to cut her losses. Hopefully.

There I go again. Mizuki sighed once more. Worryin' about imaginary scenarios. My hair's going to go gray at this rate…

She brushed the white streak of her hair away, giving it a concerned glance.

Or white.

"Are you okay, Mizuki-san?" Asia asked. "You've been sighing a lot lately. Is something on your mind?"

"Pff, it's nothin'." She waved it off, giving the blond a confident smile. "Just a little worried about Akane. That girl is probably up to no good and picking a fight with the competition. Expecting to be called to a police station any second now."

Asia giggled.

"You keep saying things like that, but I can't ever see Akane that way." She said. "She's a little headstrong and very confident, but I admire those things a lot. I wish I could be as cool as her one day."

"Well, I'll admit, she's been pretty level-headed since last year," Mizuki responded. "But let me tell you, back then? She was a nightmare. Her second year in middle school was the worst thing ever."

"Oh, when you two were in America?" Asia guessed. "Akane told me that she studied there before."

"So she never told you that she was expelled?"

"Expelled?!" The nun looked shocked at that, covering her mouth. "No way!"

"Yup. Our stay there was cut short because she couldn't keep her fists to herself." The older woman explained. "I don't know the details; it was just a case of bullying that got out of hand. Akane beat the brakes off of one girl so hard she left her hospitalized."

That one had been especially brutal. Some rich girl had tried to pick on Akane and gotten beaten so severely that she was almost unrecognizable. Broken arm, concussion, lost most of her teeth— Poor girl couldn't eat any solid food for more than a month.

"Goodness…"

"It wasn't the first time it happened, but it was in a prestigious private school. They had no tolerance for that behavior, so she was immediately expelled, and we returned to Japan to continue her education there." Mizuki sighed. "And right before it happened, Akane promised me she'd behave. She looked serious about it, too. That girl must've said or done something that pissed her off."

The strangest thing was that Akane had never properly explained what had made her act that way. She looked guilty about getting expelled and even cried for breaking her promise. Getting Akane to sob like a baby like that was rare. It never happened.

Although likely painful from her daughter's point of view, Mizuki remembered that memory fondly. As sad as it sounded, she didn't get a lot of chances to act like a mother, so she could never forget the times she'd caressed and soothed Akane as she cried in her arms.

But she digressed. Akane said nothing else as if ashamed of her actions. Of course, Mizuki never pressed her, but she wasn't bothered. Akane seldom broke her promises, so she must've had a good reason to do what she did.

"So don't let her calm and collected behavior fool you." She told her second daughter. "Akane was a feral beast that took all my patience to tame. The hardest thing I've ever had to do, and I fought gods before."

"You say all that, but it looks like you're fond of those memories as well, Mizuki-san," Asia noted with a smile. "I think Akane-san is very lucky to have a mother like you."

"Aw shucks! It's nothing special. I'm just thick-skinned enough to handle her." She chuckled. "Though, she could learn a thing or two from you. Ah, I wish she was half as polite as you~"

"That's so kind of you to say…" The blond blushed at the compliment. "I think Akane is polite enough, though."

"To you." Mizuki snorted.

The conversation with Asia had admittedly lifted her spirits up a little. While it was mostly reminiscing, it certainly felt better than stressing about what could happen to her now very able and powerful daughter all the time.

Mizuki had to trust Akane. The girl could protect herself just fine and didn't need anyone's help to kick devil ass. Hell, she was participating in a tournament where the best of this generation were entering, and she was confident even after getting a proper sense of the competition.

She would be alright.

As they continued their walk, Mizuki felt a sudden malicious intent directly on them— or rather, on the girl walking next to her, causing her to pause and sharpen her gaze. A devil with dark green hair approached them from within the crowd with a disarming smile, but she easily saw through it.

"Ah, I've finally found you. My savior." He said, looking at Asia. "Oh, I've searched for you for so long. To think I'd find you here of all places…"

The devil took a step forward.

"Back off," Mizuki said with a warning tone.

The devil flinched at her killing intent, his fake smile becoming concerned as he finally noticed her and gave her his full attention.

"A-ah, my apologies. I didn't see you there, Ms…"

Mizuki said nothing, gazing into his very soul.

"Oh, where are my manners?" He cleared his throat, regaining his composure. "My name is Diodora Astaroth. I would like to thank you, Ms. Argento."

"Me?" Asia blinked.

"Yes. You may not remember, but you saved me." He said before explaining. "Back in Italy, you used your Twilight Healing on a wounded devil, did you not?"

"That was you?!" She looked surprised and then smiled. "Wow, what are the odds? I never expected to see you again."

"But of course. I've been looking for you everywhere since then." He explained. "To think I'd spot you in the Palace of Lucifer…"

As he tried to approach them again, Mizuki reminded him to stay away by releasing some of her aura and getting in front of the blond, seeing through the malicious bastard's benevolent act.

The way he looked at Asia was a look full of lust. There was no hint of gratitude or appreciation. He was ogling her body like it was a toy and nothing else. Mizuki would never let him lay a finger on her.

"Don't." She said.

This time, instead of a look of surprise, Diodora looked at her with disdain and annoyance. However, that expression barely lasted a second as he returned to his disarming smile—one that wasn't deceiving her.

Asia looked confused, however, and wanted to ask what was going on before taking a look at Mizuki's scowl.

"I assure you, Miss. I do not wish you or the lady behind you any harm." He lied. "I only want to—"

"You're not fooling me, Devil." She cut him off. "Fuck off."

"M-Mizuki-san?!" Asia was surprised.

His smile fully dropped this time, and he didn't bother with another fake expression.

"You're quite rude, you know?" He scoffed. "I expect you'd show a little respect seeing where you are. I suppose that'd be asking too much from a human, huh?"

Mizuki stayed quiet.

"Honestly. All I wanted to do was to show my gratitude to the lady who saved me." He reiterated. "I know not your relationship with her, nor do I care to interfere with it, but whether you are her superior or even her mother, you have no right to get in between us, for I owe her my life."

"Mizuki-san, please. I don't think he wants to do anything bad." Asia tried to convince her. "I-I'll be fine, I promise."

"See? Even Ms. Argento thinks you are being unreasonable. Honestly, did no one teach you any manners?" Diodora sneered. "To act in such a way is unacceptable in our culture, especially to a pillar devil such as I, the heir of the Astaroth Clan."

"You love jacking off to your own voice, don't you?" Mizuki muttered.

"What did you say?!"

"Aren't you one of the tournament participants? The first as well." She said. "Just leave us alone. I don't know what you're doing out here instead of preparing for your match."

She held Asia's hand and walked past the devil, not wanting to escalate the situation further. Thankfully, the bastard devil didn't bother following them and only gave Mizuki an angry glare as she stared back at him.

Wow. How fierce. She snorted, looking away. He's pathetic. Although…

Something about his power seemed… off. It was different from the usual demonic energy she was used to, but not by much.

Am I imagining it? Mizuki thought with a frown.

Something was amiss.

"Mizuki-san!"

"Huh?" She blinked before glancing at Asia, who expressed confusion and annoyance.

"What was that? Why were you so rude to that kind man?" She questioned. "He just wanted to say 'thank you'."

"No, Asia." Mizuki disagreed, not planning to hide what she saw. "He was lying. He stared at you the entire time like you were a piece of meat."

"W-what?" The blond looked shocked. "How do you know that?"

"It's something I picked up as a kid. Sensing someone's intent." She explained briefly. "He was acting maliciously. Please trust me, Asia. I know it sounds strange, but avoid him if you see him, okay?"

Asia hesitated, and Mizuki understood why. Considering her history with devils, it's very easy to say that she was simply paranoid or distrustful. However, Diodora's intentions were clear as day for anyone with a lick of experience in this field.

Seeing that the man was a participant made her concerned. She hoped he'd lose in his first or second match and not meet her daughter's team in the semi-finals. Even though he was weak compared to her…

She didn't like this.

"Okay…" Asia nodded.

"Thanks, Asia. I mean it." Mizuki smiled at her warmly. "Now, how about we find a seat? The tournament is about to begin."

"Alright."

She didn't know why, but after this encounter, she had a sinking feeling that something awful was going to happen.

Mizuki prayed that she was wrong.




– Akane –

"I understand being confident, Akane, but this is…" Sona thinks of a way to phrase her next sentence as we walk through the hallways inside the stadium. "This feels more arrogant than usual. How are you so sure?"

"Because I gauged the competition," I explain. "I predict we will end up against Rias and her team in the finals. Chances of any surprises happening are less than two percent."

Arbatirary percentage, but eh.

"That's the thing, though, Amamiya-san." Tsubaki quips. "We also gauged the competition, yet we can't see what you see."

"Easy. The group we're in consists of complete and utter fodder." I respond. "Sairoarg, the only possible threat, is in group B with Rias, and he's gonna lose."

I don't care how strong that guy or his queen is— they will not defeat Rias, not when she's backed up by someone like Ichiban and the rest of her high-class+ peerage. Hell, Akeno is already breaking through that barrier with an INT stat above a thousand.

Rias might be lacking quantity, barely having five members for a team, but they're all powerhouses in their own right. They've grown significantly stronger after the battle with Kokabiel, so quality is still there. And I know she's taking her battle with her cousin seriously.

Almost more seriously than her match with Riser, which does kind of piss me off, but I digress.

As for that sorry excuse of a Phenex, he's fucked. He did grow a little, but he didn't seem all that more powerful than the time he had his ass handed to him. His first match? Against Sai. He's losing horribly.

The tournament brackets are split into two groups: Group A and Group B. Starting with the former, the first match is Astaroth against Sallos, which should be fun. I don't care about the Sallos team very much since they seemed utterly underwhelming like most participants here.

But seeing Astaroth's tactics before fighting him would be a good advantage. He still feels pretty weak all things considered, but the fact that I have some fading recollection about the guy at all might mean that he's important somehow. Hopefully, seeing him fight will help jog my memory.

The second match is Agares versus Glasya-Labolas, which I imagine won't be as fun. I asked about Seekvaria; apparently, her clan heritage is time manipulation. So that, on top of being purely stronger than her match, makes it pretty clear who will win.

The third game is Sitri vs. Zepar. Our opponents are a bunch of weaklings. I won't even bother showing any tactics or strategy against them. Just like the fourth match, which is between another two pathetic devils I didn't even bother remembering the names of.

Group B had nobody worth noting other than Rias and Sairaorg. Like Riser, the rest of the teams aren't that intimidating—not one bit. Eventually, the two cousins will end up in the semi-finals, and Rias will win handily.

I think we seriously overprepared for this.

"How are you sure?" Sona's queen asks, looking genuinely curious.

"Because Ichiban won't lose. No matter what happens." I respond with a smirk. Especially not after what I promised. "Sairaorg can have as many surprises as he wants; he can work as hard as possible, but that's not enough to beat Ichi."

"Having faith in him is nice, but beating him isn't the priority." Sona reminds me. "As soon as Rias is defeated—"

"Sona, I know I call Rias a dumb bitch a lot, but she's clever." I cut her off. "She knows that, and she will plan around it. Give the girl some credit."

"She's as smart as she is headstrong, Akane." She disagrees. "Sai is her cousin and rival. The chances of her fighting him face to face might be low, but not lower than ten percent."

"So? Rias is still plenty strong," I say. "She can hold her own."

I guess that is the only chance of them somehow losing. Rias doing something completely fucking brain-dead. Do I think it's going to happen? Maybe. Do I think it guarantees her loss? Not really. After all, Ichi is with her in case that happens. And from what I noticed?

While everyone knows he's the Red Dragon Emperor, nobody knows he has a subspecies. I mentioned that to him before we split off an hour ago. Keep that a secret as long as possible so it works to his advantage.

"I suppose…" She sighs. "Admittedly, I… do see where you're coming from."

"Sona?" Tsubaki blinks.

"Mind you, I don't believe we should be overconfident. Caution is essential." She reassures her queen piece. "But thinking about it logically, the only teams that could prove troublesome are Sai, Rias, and Seekvaria."

Unlike that disappointing vampire twink, the time-manipulating chick has actual control over her powers. She's stronger than the average high-class devil, and while not quite at our level, any time-related power is problematic, especially one wielded by a skilled user.

She's two matches away from being our opponent, though, so that should give us more than enough footage to study in case that happens. I can always overwhelm her and knock her out if the situation calls for it. As far as I know, she can't stop time like Gasper, so that's good.

To win, I only have to move faster than she can activate her power, and I'm very confident in my speed.

"That's what I'm saying." I snort as we finally reach one of two waiting rooms reserved for kings and queens. "You'll see what I mean once we watch the first match."

As I open the door, I see the rest of the teams. The ones that matter, at least. Sairaorg, Rias, Seekvaria, Glasya guy, and their queens. Plus Ichiban, but of course, he'd be there—special privileges for being the friend of the New Lucifer's precious little sister.

The room is spacious, with a long, comfortable-looking black couch facing the TV screen showing the matches. There are even snacks and drinks everywhere, including alcohol, which once again reminds me that the drinking age here is, like, fourteen or something.

Ichiban blushes and glances away as our eyes meet, making me smirk. Cute. Seeing him like that makes everything extremely worth it. It was about time I got bolder with my tactics anyway. He has been getting used to what I usually do.

"Oh hey, you're finally here. Perfect timing." Rias, as usual, is the first to greet us. "The first match is about to begin."

She points at the big screen attached to the wall, showing the type of dimensional arena they'll be fighting in. The theme is an abandoned city. Simple enough. I'm sure the theme will change with every match.

The moment we step in, a few of my spiders crawl down from my sleeves, making sure to stay hidden because, as small as they are, I'd rather be safe. I let Sona and Tsubaki walk before me as the tiny machines get closer and attach themselves to their targets.

Seekvaria and Kuisha are the two most interesting people in the entire competition. Time and portal powers, respectively? I'm not missing out on something as powerful as those. None of them notice anything, but of course they don't. I made sure the spiders couldn't be noticed by anything.

Phase one is now done without any complications. Phase two would be finding a way for Nemesis to connect to them when we return to Earth. Interdimensional connections like this are very possible—the fact that I could access the human internet here is enough evidence.

But I don't want to go asking around about that. I want to figure it out independently to eliminate any possible trail. That's why I let Nemesis into the supernatural internet a few hours ago before we left the resort. He'll do my research for me, and from what I've found out, the Devilnet doesn't have as good protection as ours. It's relatively new, after all.

"What's this?" Zephyrdor frowns. "Another human? Seriously?"

"Hey." Rias scowled at him. "Behave."

The asshole flinches and only clicks his tongue in annoyance, clearly intimidated by Rias. Why wouldn't he be? She's ten times stronger than him. He's a complete joke.

Still, good job, Rias.

"Ah, Sona. It's good to see you again." Seekvaria approaches us with a polite but genuine smile. "How long has it been since we last saw each other? Three years?"

"It's good to see you again, too, Seekvaria." Sona mirrors her expression before introducing me. "This here is a close friend of mine. Akane Amamiya, though I'm sure you knew that already."

"Of course. The one who led the charge against Warhawk Kokabiel." The Agares heiress nods. "Your name has been popping up in many newspapers and several popular forums on the Devilnet. No one expected the daughter of the legendary Immortal Dragon to be the one to do it. Quite the accomplishment for someone of your age."

…You know, they keep saying he's the 'immortal' dragon, but if he's so immortal, why is he dead? Isn't that kind of the opposite of what his title wants us to believe? I should ask Mom about this.

"It was a team effort," I respond politely, quickly glancing at the butler next to her before addressing her. Must be her queen piece if he's here. "Couldn't have done it alone."

I could've done it alone if I used Excelsis, though. So that's a lie.

"That doesn't make your achievement any less significant. Though, if I may ask you something…" Seekvaria says that as we sit on the couch, the rest conversing with each other. "That robot that followed you around in the Palace… I was wondering if the Tojo Clan were the ones to hand it to you. I've heard quite a lot about their engineering marvels, but to see it for myself…"

I mean, I did try to mimic their designs, only with inverted colors. They stick to black and gold, while the armor is white and blue. Need to make the 'inspiration' look obvious, after all. My gauntlet? Completely different.

…Still a little inspired by Amon tech, though.

"Huh. Why do you wanna know?" I ask.

"Oh. I simply wanted to know who built it." She says. "You see, I'm very interested in robotics, and I'd love to meet the person who created that exquisite work of art."

Having that armor, which isn't even my best work, get called an 'exquisite work of art' makes me feel extremely smug.

"That so? Well, today is your lucky day." I respond with a smirk. "You're talking to her."

Seekvaria freezes, and her eyes widen.

+30 REP with Seekvaria Agares [40/100]

Forty? Hmm, the ten points must be because of my previous 'achievements'.

"You?! You created it?!" She questions in shock. "Magnificent! I never expected you'd have such great mechanical engineering talent, too!"

"I'll admit, it's a newish hobby." I shrug my shoulders. I have always liked robots. "Purely self-taught, but the Tojo did help with supplies. I'm even good at programming. That robot you saw following me? It's actually a suit of armor."

"Astounding." She clasps her hands together, her eyes sparkling in amazement and excitement. "If it's possible, could I have a closer look at it? I don't quite have a lot of opportunities to examine such intricate designs up close. I'd love to study it if you don't mind."

I mean, as I said, it's not my best work, so I don't really give a shit if someone dismantles it after it does its job.

"Sure, that's fine," I respond. "Probably after your match, though."

"Of course. Thank you, Ms. Amamiya." Seekvaria says with a grateful nod. "I'll be sure to repay you most handsomely."

I feel like she's taking this too seriously. She makes it sound like I'm going to give her the armor. Which I won't.

The match finally begins on the big screen, and our conversation stops there. As I'm not interested in Astaroth's opponent or any of either team's peerages, I focus solely on Diodora, who, for a while, doesn't really do anything suspicious or weird.

The Rating Game continues on as normal, with even Lucifer standing by watching it with great interest. Right, that's his first time seeing a Rating Game, isn't it? However, I did want him to watch this as well since he might be able to tell if there was anything strange or out of place. I told him how I felt about Diodora before going to the coliseum.

"Interesting." He says. "I understand why this sport is popular. Spectating battles like this can be very exciting."

Keywords: Can be. This current Rating Game looks really boring. To me, at least. I can tell the rest are very engaged with the match, even Ichiban, as they point out either mistakes or certain strategies made by the combatants. I just stay quiet the entire time. Personally, I'm only interested in Diodora and why it feels like I'm forgetting something very important.

But so far, nothing. The battle goes on without anything feeling odd, and Diodora eventually wins the match, making me frown in annoyance. As the announcer announces the winner and Diodora leaves the arena dimension, I give Lucifer a quick gaze, to which he quickly notices and shrugs.

"I've not noticed anything out of the ordinary." He answers, giving me his typical calm smile. "But you seem rather adamant that this individual is important in some way, so I shall be on the lookout. As promised."

"Good match," Sairaorg says with a nod. "Each side gave their all for sure."

"I feel bad for Mr. Sallos." His queen adds. "Losing the first match is always the worst thing that could happen."

"It's bad enough that he comes from a clan that's very low in the hierarchy." Sona agrees. "Can't imagine how heartbroken he must feel."

Man, who gives a shit about that? Maybe he should've trained harder if he cared enough to win. Honestly, this entire tournament feels like a joke. I can't believe anyone would take these weakling participants seriously. I can't believe I took it seriously.

I knew we were strong, and I was always confident we were going to win, but I expected somewhat of a challenge. Sairaorg and his team were the kind of strength I thought we had to worry about for every participant. I didn't know most competition was going to be so weak.

I don't know why I'm even disappointed, as if I was looking forward to a challenge. No. This is better than what I had expected. Weaker challenges mean more chances of winning, and winning means I will complete that amazing quest I had ages ago.

[Non-Devil Champion] – Quest

Objective: Find a way to enter and win the tournament of the Young Devil Gathering

Rewards: 500 to all Stats, Tremendous EXP, 1 Epic Gacha Token, Massively increase affection for Rias Gremory and Sona Sitri, Massively increase reputation with devilkind, [Demon Champion] Title

With my perks, I'd get one thousand points for every one of my stats. That's fucking HUGE. Beyond anything I've gotten before from a quest or even leveling up because collectively, that's seven thousand points in one go.

I am NOT losing this tournament.

"Why the hell do any of you care?" Zephyrdor snorts, mirroring my thoughts. "What's with this show of empathy? Idiots who lose in the first round don't deserve that. That loser was a weakling and lost like one."

Sometimes, your thoughts should be kept to yourself. I might agree with him, but there's no crime in thinking some random moron is a loser. Saying it like that, though? I think that's when you lose the moral high ground.

Not that I ever gave a shit about that myself, but being nice gets me allies.

"He still fought like a true warrior." Sai disagrees. "Whether he lost or won does not matter."

"Well, it clearly does here, rocks for brains." He scoffs. "It's the Young Devil Tournament. Can't you imagine the humiliation one can feel after losing in the first round? Oh wait, you probably can; you disowned piece of shit."

Dayum.

"Zephyrdor!" Rias scowls deeply. "How dare you say such a thing—"

"It's fine, Rias." Sai stops her, not bothered at all. "I don't mind."

"Heh. See? Can't even stand up for himself. Needs his precious cousin to do that shit for him." He laughs. His voice is really grating. "Can't believe I'm stuck in here with you morons. You fucking had humans come in here."

"That's a problem?" I tilt my head.

"Fucking yes, it's a problem!" He sneers. "Idiot. Why are you even here? Piss off already."

"Do it yourself. Kick us out." I challenge him with a glare, and as he hesitates, I taunt him further. "Come on, you fucking pussy. Do it."

"What the hell did you say?!"

"Need your ears checked, you imbecile? I've been pretty clear with my words, haven't I?" I say. "Supernatural hearing down the fuckin' drain."

"Oh, I'm going to enjoy putting you in your place, you human slut." He responds scathingly as his magic leaks from his body. "I don't care if you beat Kokabiel or fucking Shiva. You're going to beg for forgiveness by the end of this."

"Buddy, you're gonna end up like that guy on the screen, crying and shitting yourself." I don't even bother using my magic to intimidate him. He's not worthy of even feeling my mana. "And everyone is going to laugh at you like the little bitch you are."

The second he raises his hand, Ichiban moves, grabbing his arm firmly and forcing him to look at him.

"The hell?" Zephyrdor's scowl deepens.

"You lay a finger on her." A red aura begins surrounding Ichiban as he says that. "And you won't like how things are gonna turn out."

Easily intimidated, the guy flinches and doesn't say anything back, only lowering his arm slowly.

"We cool?" Ichiban asks.

Zephyrdor pulls his arm with a hiss, walking out of the room silently with his queen in tow. As he leaves, I give Ichi a flirtatious smile.

"My hero~"

"I was trying to save him from you." He says in a blank tone. "Not the other way around."

"Regardless of intent—" I get up from my seat and approach him. "You deserve a reward."

"What are you—"

I give him a quick peck on the cheek right in front of everyone here, who all give various different reactions. Rias squeals excitedly like a child, Akeno and Kuisha giggle, Seekvaria covers her mouth in surprise, Sairaorg gives Ichi a knowing look, and Sona frowns in annoyance.

As for Ichiban himself? It's what anyone would expect from him at this point.

"W-w-what the hell was that?!" He backs off. "Why'd you do that? In front of everyone?!"

"Oh." I blink. "Ah, so you prefer private smooches? Got it."

"NO!"

While everyone snickers and chortles at Ichiban's adorable reactions — except Sona — Diodora enters the room with his queen; I look at him with a neutral expression as my grin drops. He gives us a bow and a fake smile. I don't even need to use Observe to be able to tell that he hates everyone in this room and thinks he's better than all of us.

Unfortunately, Observe doesn't tell me why he's relevant. The only hint I have is his title, which is 'Nun Obsessed'. I don't know what the hell it refers to, but I better keep Asia away from his grubby hands if that's the case.

"Great work out there, Mr. Astaroth." Sairaorg is the first to congratulate him, getting up and offering a handshake. "You and your team fought well."

His eye twitches in annoyance, but he responds politely, taking Sairaorg's hand and shaking it firmly.

"Thank you." He responds, quickly letting go. "It certainly was not an easy battle."

"Well, it's time I face my opponent," Seekvaria says, standing up and giving me a smile. One that isn't fake like pretty boy over there.

She's nice.

"Good luck."

+5 Reputation with Seekvaria Agares [45/100]

Seriously?

She nods and walks outside with her butler, heading towards the coliseum. Here's hoping she puts up an entertaining fight, at least.

…Oh, who am I kidding? It's going to be even more boring than Diodora's match.

She's winning this almost immediately.




– Sona –

Seekvaria won her match almost immediately.

But it was incredibly gratifying for Sona. Why, might one ask? Because Seek's opponent, Zephrydor Glasya-Labolas, was a massive pain in the ass for most people here. A loudmouthed, disrespectful, and arrogant dick that nobody liked.

He would always get in trouble with the locals, flaunt his clan name around without care, and even try to pick fights with other clan devils. He'd been a thorn in her side ever since the previous heir had been killed, and he was chosen to be next in line.

A delinquent, but none of the traits that made one even slightly endearing. At least Akane, while also disrespectful and arrogant, was that way only to authority figures and was pretty kind to other people. She was a fun delinquent—a nice one.

No, she was not biased because of her ever-growing crush on the girl. Sona would never do such a thing. But even if she was, all of that was true. Akane was exactly what every delinquent should hope to be.

If leaving that lifestyle wasn't a choice, of course, but something told Sona that her human friend wouldn't have been as much fun without that sarcastic and arrogant personality. It felt like a major part of her.

…I'm so hopeless. Sona thought, glancing at Akane. Why her, of all people?

But enough internally gushing about the girl sitting next to her. It was finally time to show the devil world their power.

"Absolutely, to no one's surprise…" Akane muttered quietly, but seeing that she was surrounded by devils, everyone heard her.

"I was going to say it was a hard-fought battle," Sai responded. "You thought the outcome was predictable?"

"Seekvaria and Zerphador might've been pretty close in power—"

"It's Zephrydor, Ms. Amamiya." Kuisha corrected with a giggle.

"But that dumbass rushed in without thinking, even knowing what his opponent was capable of." She snorted. "What kind of moron does that make him? A healthy amount of confidence is fine. Hell, being arrogant is also alright, but when it gets to a point where you throw strategy out of the window first thing?"

"I suppose that makes sense." Sairaorg hummed.

"Even Ichi knows that's a stupid mistake," Akane said.

"Fuck's that supposed to mean?" Her bodyguard scowled.

"Though, you seemed sure even before the battle began." Sai pointed out. "How come?"

"Terrible arrangement for him." She explained. "Defensive magic against time manipulation? Seekvaria had a massive advantage. Would always have an advantage, I should say. It's hard to counter a power like that, but it was even worse for the guy. He could only shoot regular demonic blasts, and they were too close in power for that to be useful. He lost the fight before it even began."

She turned her head to look at Diodora.

"Meaning you have your work cut out for you, Dodoria."

"It's Diodora." He corrected her.

"Most importantly, though." Akane continued without missing a beat. "Unlike him, Seekvaria actually took it seriously. She didn't compromise her plans because of some stupid ego or a silly grudge. It would've ended with her winning regardless, but it would've been a fun battle if he wasn't being a total idiot."

Sona agreed with her assessment of the battle but was happy that Zephyrdor had held the idiot ball long enough to get his ass handed to him. Maybe this would help him realize how much of a nuisance he was.

Seeing the barely contained fury on his face did not make her confident, though. Oh well. At least he was going to get disowned or something. She hoped he would. That jackass deserved it.

"Oh well. Let's go." Akane said to Sona, standing up and stretching her limbs. "The sooner we're done with this, the better."

"Of course." Sona glanced at Tsubaki, who stood up with her.

Once Seekvaria entered the room looking extremely pleased with herself, Akane walked up to her and held her hand up. The Agares heiress blinked in confusion for a moment, then understood the gesture and responded with a high five.

"Good job," Akane said before walking past her.

Sona looked at this almost admiring gaze of Seekvaria with a concerned look. She wasn't trying to woo more people, was she? Because if she was… Dear Lucifer, the competition was hard enough as it was!

Sona sighed and followed after Akane, ignoring the knowing stare of her queen.

Soon after, the three girls stopped as they saw Zephyrdor, bruised and beaten, walking in with a furious look on his face as Akane's shit-eating grin only kept widening. He said nothing even as they stepped away from him, and once he was a distance away, her human friend spoke.

"Oh, what's that? Is that someone about to turn into a 'disowned piece of shit' I see?"

Zephyrdor quickly turned around, his strength exploding as he charged up all his remaining demonic energy in one hand, screaming and shouting at Akane. Sona and Tsubaki got ready for a fight, and the former silently cursed her friend for provoking him.

"I'm going to—"

Right before he released the demonic blast, a piercing wave of magic was unleashed from the girl next to her, fizzling it out and stopping the enraged devil right in his tracks as his face, once filled with unyielding anger…

Showed nothing but overwhelming fear.

He began to freeze slowly, as did the floor, ceiling, and walls. Sona herself had never felt this amount of malice and killing intent from Akane, and while she could handle it easily, was extremely surprised.

Akane took a step forward, inching closer to his face.

"'I'm going to'... what?" She whispered. "What were you going to say?"

Zephyrdor remained quiet as his very sweatdrops froze over. He looked away, shivering and trembling in fear and cold. They stayed that way momentarily, with Akane looking deep into his eyes. He couldn't even keep eye contact as he looked away, and once he regained enough of his composure, he simply walked away, almost jogging to be out of her sight as soon as possible.

"Yeah, that's what I thought." She snorted, calling him out. "Like a little bitch."

He flinched, and as he was out of view, Sona frowned.

"Was that seriously necessary?" She scolded as the shock wore off.

"From a practical standpoint? No." Akane grinned. "But it felt good, didn't it?"

…Sona couldn't deny that.

"Just… please stop provoking people. I know he was rude, but you can't act that way with everyone who annoys you." She sighed. "Let's just go."

"Way ahead of you."

As the rest of the peerage teleported near them, the team entered the coliseum grounds, prompting the audience to cheer loudly. Even though she was confident in her victory, Sona still felt nervous. There were a lot of people here…

The main goal isn't to win the tournament, Sona. She reminded herself. As long as we reach the finals or the semi-finals… we're good.

She always had to remember that winning wasn't a priority for her. It'd be great, and she'd try to win, but she'd be okay losing to Rias or something. Akane probably wouldn't be okay with that, but it wasn't like she was getting anything from this tournament anyway. Fame only.

Knowing her, though, that was good enough.

"Ladies and gentlemen, our contestants for today's third match are here!" The announcer… announced. "But what's this? Do my eyes deceive me?! Over in Sitri's corner, it's none other than the daughter of the legendary Immortal Dragon and slayer of the Grigori's Warhawk! Akane Amamiya!"

The satisfied smirk on Akane's face confirmed it for her.

As the announcer continued immersing the audience, Sona spoke to Akane.

"So what's the plan?" She asked. "I know you said no plan was needed, but isn't that what you reprimanded Zephyrdor for? Calling him an idiot for rushing in?"

"The difference, Sona, is that I'm actually powerful." Akane shrugged. "A lot more powerful than Zapdos could ever hope to be."

"That's not even close to his name."

"Just sit back, relax…" Akane winked as they were teleported to the battlefield with a forest theme. "And let me handle this."

"And begin!" The announcer shouted.

Akane skipped forward directly into the heart of the battlefield, hands behind her back as she hummed a pleasant tone. Sona hesitated, and after a moment, she made her decision.

"We'll support her. Ruruko, Tsubaki, cover her rear." She ordered. "Everyone else with me."

As they split, they watched their ace from afar, seeing her walk into enemy territory without a care. Some enemy devils began shooting her with magic, which she easily blocked with ice barriers and walls.

Anyone could tell she was heading straight to the enemy king, making them grow desperate as nothing they tried made a difference. No projectile ever pierced the thick walls of ice she created, and none of them wanted to get close, as Akane's icy aura kept leaking, freezing the very ground she walked on.

Accepting her challenge, the enemy king appeared on top of a tree.

"So you're Akane Amamiya, huh?" She spoke. "Didn't think you'd join a peerage. I thought the Tojo Clan hated us."

"Temporary measure," Akane answered. "Just trying to help out a friend. That and to prove that you guys ain't shit compared to me."

"...Dangerous words for a human." The Zepar heiress scoffed. "Very well. I, Lathi Zepar, will teach you—"

Before the girl could even finish her sentence, Akane appeared in front of her, and with a single gut check, Zepar collapsed, eyes nearly bulging out of her skull as she tried but failed to breathe. A second later, she lost consciousness, instantly ending the match.

They were quickly teleported out with the announcement of their victory, and after a quiet moment, the audience exploded with cheers. None of them had expected a Rating Game as quick as that.

Sona, on the other hand… didn't feel as surprised.

"Told you," Akane smirked viciously as Sona landed beside her. "Complete. Utter. Fodder."

"Showoff," Sona responded in amusement.

Akane simply shrugged and walked away, with the rest of the team following her.

Maybe this tournament really would be as easy as she claimed.
I have an omake that I'll post later. After a nap, maybe.

Also here's another commission of Akane with a new design. Her summer outfit for the next arc after the tournament.

Spoiler: PsychoAkane
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 126 others
Mirlnir
Aug 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 47: Dazzling Participents
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Sep 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#809
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, UwU


– Sirzechs –

After the admittedly stressful treaty only a few days prior, the festival- a rare moment of respite and celebration in their tumultuous lives- felt like much-needed R&R. The conference itself had gone through pretty smoothly, so technically, there wasn't much in the sense of 'stress' there, but before that? Sirzechs had hated every second of it.

He'd spent several days finishing the mountains of paperwork without any rest, hours and hours of running around his province and responding to the concerns of pillar nobles, preparing for the festival, humoring Rias' spontaneous requests involving whatever suited her fancy that particular day, and so much more.

Sirzechs felt like he was at his breaking point. Despite being a devil, he, too, could tire of endless tasks that kept appearing on his desk. He had little time for his son, let alone for himself. This was his reality. He may have been the Satan Lucifer for hundreds of years, but he was still as subject to stress and overwork as any mortal.

Granted, it hadn't always been this bad. It had only gotten immensely more intense after the incident with the Tojo clan, but now, after the treaty, he could expect things to relax a lot, considering they'd just ended a war that had spanned thousands of years with the other two biblical factions.

Things were still a little shaky, however. It wasn't easy to erase all the bad blood between them, a deep-seated animosity that had been brewing for millennia, but all they had to do now was give it some time. Five years, fifty years, a hundred— eventually, true peace will be attained. Hopefully.

As long as they stopped the people who were trying to prevent said peace. Some of whom he knew by name. But if the Old Satans were to do something, it would be the last straw. Sirzechs would not hesitate to destroy Rizevim and his followers, his ties to the throne be damned.

That man was the cause of so many painful headaches for Sirzechs. Besides surpassing every Satan-class combatant he'd seen, making him hard to put down, Rizevim was chaos incarnate. Utterly unpredictable and just straight-up insane.

To this day, Sirzechs couldn't understand what his objective was. He seemed to just be… doing things for the hell of it, causing trouble because he found it hilarious. It never was, but nothing ever stopped him, even if it cost him an arm and an eye.

He didn't know if that old man had been hit on the head as a child, nor did he know if that was how the Great Devil King used to act as well, but Rizevim was probably the most dangerous being alive. To make matters worse, he was a master at hiding. Nothing could get a whiff of him if he didn't want to be found.

Sirzechs needed to be ready for any nasty surprises from him. That bastard had caused too much damage already, and he was probably scheming something to turn this entire treaty upside down.

Now's not the time to think about these things. Sirzechs sighed to himself, watching as his sister's match was about to begin. Focus. Rias would be upset with me if I didn't give her my full attention.

"Father?"

Sirzechs paused and glanced at his son sitting on a chair next to his. They were in a private viewing room alongside a silent Grayfia standing next to him, a very enthusiastic Serafall, a vacant seat belonging to his best friend, and a sleeping Falbium snoring away.

As per usual, the man was always snoozing, even during work. If Sirzechs didn't know any better, he'd think Falbium's bloodline ability had to do with sleeping.

"Are you alright, Father?" His precious son asked. "You look uneasy."

"It's nothing, Millicas." He smiled at his boy. "A little exhausted. That's all."

"Ohohoho! It's finally Rias' turn!" Serafall chirped. "Aren't you excited, Zechs?! Your baby sister is in her very first tournament!"

"I certainly am." He chuckled. "I have faith she'll do wonderfully."

"Course she will. She has Shrublord with her." The Leviathan snorted. "What about you, Milli? How are you feeling?"

"I'm excited, too!" Sirzechs' son answered with a nod, matching Serafall's energy. "I've never seen Aunt Rias in a rating game before. I'm very keen to see how well she'd do."

"Right. You were busy studying when she had her match against Riser," Sera responded, throwing Grayfia a glare. "What a bummer, huh?"

His wife noticed and glared back.

"Something you'd like to say, Lady Leviathan?"

"No. Nothing at all."

Sirzechs felt an exasperated sigh building up, but he resisted the urge. Those two had never seen eye to eye since Grayfia had switched sides. It had been hundreds of years since then, but as hard as they'd tried, they just could never get along.

He could understand Grayfia not liking Serafall— his childhood friend acted like she took nothing seriously, and his wife was someone who took everything seriously. What he didn't understand was Serafall's animosity towards his wife.

Because the Leviathan Satan always treated everyone kindly, whether they were strict or not. Even Azazel, Serafall's 'archnemesis', wasn't hated as much as Grayfia. Was it because she was a former Old Satan member? Who knew.

"Anyway!" She turned to look at the slumbering Asmodeus, deciding to bother him instead. "Oi, Falbium! Wake up and tell us who you think is going to win!"

"Huh?" He opened his eyes as Sera shook him violently. "What? Where am I?"

"Did you forget, silly? It's the festival!" She explained. "Rias' match is about to begin. Do you think she's winning?"

"Ah…" Falbium blinked a few times. "Probably. She's stronger."

"It's never that simple, my friend," Sirzechs responded. "Strength is only one factor."

"Hmm…" He muttered back, clearly not in the mood for discussions.

He was admittedly very interested in his sister's progress. With her being one of the combatants who had stood up against Kokabiel, he was sure that she had grown astronomically since the last time he had seen her fight.

Her peerage's work against Riser's was astounding. All of them – excluding Gasper – had grown from low-mid-class devils to match high-class devils with relative ease, easily overwhelming even Ravel. Sirzechs was very impressed with their growth.

Rias' performance in that match wasn't as good as he had expected—her tactics were sound, but her personal power felt lacking compared to her peerage. But it had been more than a month since then, and after getting the reports about the Warhawk…

To say he was surprised would be an understatement. Then again, reports could only tell him so much. He wanted to see his sister in action and witness just how much she had grown, and this tournament proved to be the perfect opportunity.

He might've had to pull a few strings to put her and Sai in the same group, but he had faith in Rias. Sairaorg was a brilliant kid. A boy with zero talent climbed up the totem poll and became the 'strongest youth' through sheer hard work alone. He would prove to be the perfect test for Rias.

Though, he didn't know about the 'strongest youth' title anymore. After seeing the Sitri team ending their match in less than a minute… Sai definitely had a lot of competition.

The tournament this year was going to be close, wasn't it? He thought to himself, feeling proud of the next generation.

As the door to their private viewing room opened, Sirzechs turned his head to see who it was, spotting Ajuka, as quiet as ever, take his seat. As usual, he didn't say a single thing. A man of few words.

"There you are, you big nerd." Serafall pointed at him. "Where were you? You missed, like, all the other matches!"

Ajuka said nothing for a while, then gave a curt answer.

"Researching."

"As if that answers anything." Sera puffed her cheeks in a pout. "You're always researching."

"Am I?"

"Yes."

"I see," Ajuka responded. "I'm sorry if I upset you. It was something important."

"Pshh, whatever." Serafall rolled her eyes and then smiled. "I'll forgive you since you apologized. You better be grateful that I'm showing you mercy."

"Thank you."

As expressionless as he was, Sirzechs knew he wasn't faking his gratitude… Or his weariness.

Not even Ajuka was safe from her pestering.





– Ichiban –

As he and the rest of his team stepped out into the coliseum, he finally realized how massive the scope of this tournament really was. It was one of the most popular events in devil society and pretty much all the others.

Considering how many different races he had seen when Rias had shown him around after their discussions, it should've been obvious. He was so used to other races looking exactly like humans, barring a few extra features like wings, so he hadn't expected to see llamas or centaurs. Hell, he'd forgotten that dwarves and elves actually existed.

He'd enjoyed the hour he spent with Rias a lot. He'd always found her enthusiasm contagious and her confidence charismatic. Ichiban had never really hung out with her often, but now he understood why her peerage loved her so much. She was a cool person to be around.

The fact that they shared interests like anime and video games made it easy to talk to her.

It was the same with Koneko, who shared the same love for boxing and MMA. He'd always found it weird how a cute and petite girl like her loved these things as much as him, but in a good way, as otherwise, Ichiban felt like she was kind of unapproachable, always having this tired and almost annoyed expression.

Very unlike Kiba, who had a smile plastered on his face almost all the time. And it wasn't fake, at least not entirely, as he clearly had a hard time maintaining it whenever the church was the subject of the conversation. Ichi didn't know how to bring it up— he was curious to know why he hated those two church girls so much, but he didn't want to push any buttons.

As for Akeno, Ichiban felt a bit… on edge whenever he talked with her. She was clearly a lovely lady to Rias and the rest of the peerage, but there was always this hint of anger behind a smiling mask. Said mask would always falter when he spoke to her for some reason.

"Can't believe I'm saying this, but—" Ichi rubbed his neck as he looked at the crowds, tightening his grip on the golden baseball bat Akane had given him during their fight against those Fallen Angels. "I'm feeling kind of nervous now. There's so many people watching…"

It didn't mean that he wasn't extremely excited, though. This was the first-ever competition he'd signed up for, and he wasn't about to put on a boring show. He was going to do everything in his power to win this.

Even though there was a huge chance that Akane was teasing him, Ichiban couldn't lose. Not after what she promised him. He had to win the tournament no matter what.

"It'll be fine, Kasuga." Rias patted him on the back. "Honestly, I agree with Akane. The only trouble here is Sai's and Sona's teams. We'll win this pretty handily."

"And remember, you're the strongest one here," Kiba added. "I'd say in the whole tournament as well. Your Balance Breaker is no joke."

"Superman mode." Koneko quipped with a smile as she looked at him. "Makes you just as invincible."

Ichiban blinked and smiled back.

"You know, 'Superman Mode' sounds way cooler than 'Balance Breaker'." He said. Or cape mode, for that matter. "I'm gonna start calling it that."

"Oh! You think we can make a suit to go with the look?!" Rias suggested excitedly. "Imagine!"

"Er, maybe I shouldn't lean on it too much." Ichi declined. He did not want to wear a spandex. Armor like the Hero from Dragon Quest, though? That was more his style. "Wanna have my own identity, you know?"

"Fair, fair." The redhead nodded as they were teleported to the arena. "We can discuss that later, though. The match is starting."

"Right."

Ichiban looked around and saw that they were inside an old-looking home. Once he took a look outside through a window, he noticed that the theme for this arena was a Japanese-style castle town.

"Kiba." Rias called out.

"Yes, ma'am." He nodded, walking out of the building to scout ahead.

"Alright, here's what we're going to do." Their leader stated. "Or rather, what we won't do. First off, Kasuga, I know you won't need to anyway, but don't go Superman Mode under any circumstances. Everyone thinks you have a normal Balance Breaker, so we're saving that as a surprise for Sai."

"Got it."

"You and Koneko will take charge. They might outnumber us, but you two are too strong to worry about pea shooter magic." She added. "Akeno and I will cover your rear and support from the back regardless. Kiba will go solo and pick off isolated enemies. Any questions?"

"Not at all," Akeno answered for them. "The plan is as clear as day."

"Alright!" Rias smirked. "Let's show them how much we've improved since our match against Riser."

Ichiban nodded and took the lead alongside Koneko, exiting through the front door and walking through the town. If what Rias was saying was true with her 'pea shooter magic' comment, then they were probably under no danger casually wandering like this.

After a while, they encountered four combatants of the enemy team. Three girls and one boy, and while they didn't feel particularly tough, Ichi knew that they could be hiding their energy. They were doing that themselves.

Kind of. Ichiban had the advantage of having extremely low magic, so he didn't have to hide anything. His power only soared when he activated his gear. Who knew having a depressingly low talent for magic gave him an advantage?

And just in case, Ichi activated his Sacred Gear, forming the gauntlet around his right arm. The four opponents flinched as he felt the nice surge of power from it and a teasing look from the short girl next to him.

"Scared?"

"No. Careful." He denied. "I don't want any annoying surprises."

"You're scared~" She said with a soft giggle. "Chicken~"

"Yeah, yeah, whatever you say." He rolled his eyes. Teasing like this was tame relative to what he was used to. "I bet I can take out more than you."

Koneko blinked, then grinned at him, silently accepting the challenge.

"H-hey, how dare you underestimate us?!" The boy shouted at them nervously as they were within earshot. "I don't care if you have a Longinus! We can take you on!"

Before Ichi could respond, Koneko acted first, charging faster than they could react to and knocking out the boy with a single jab to his face before twirling around and kicking one of the other girls into unconsciousness.

"S-send back up!" One of the other girls panicked. "The Nekomata girl is stronger than we thought!"

Not wanting to be outdone, Ichi dashed toward her and put her to sleep with one gut check using his bat, but before he could knock out the other girl, she was zapped by a holy lightning spear courtesy of Akeno, making him click his tongue in annoyance.

"Slowpoke," Koneko said.

"Don't get too cocky." He responded with a smirk, twirling his baseball bat. "The match only just started."

As his gauntlet announced another boost, Ichi took off, looking for more points to score. No shade to their competitors, but he wouldn't lose after challenging her like this. Not when he had a massive advantage in the form of his Boosted Gear.

It would make him look bad.





– Akane –

"You seriously aren't even bothering, are you?" Sona says in exasperation as we walk through the capital's crowded streets.

"Why should I?" I raise a brow. "Everyone knows she's winning. She doesn't need me cheering her on."

"But she would appreciate it." She sighs. "Beyond that, don't you want to know what strategy she could implement? I imagine wanting to know what she might be thinking would net us an advantage."

"You think Rias is stupid enough to expose her cards against cannon fodder?" I argue. "Whatever she's pulling in her current match won't work against us. Like I said a dozen times, we're on a completely different level than the rest of the competition. She's playing the long game."

"I suppose…"

"And this is while assuming she doesn't try to do what I did against our opponent," I add. "It's very likely that the match just ended seconds after it began."

The moment I finish that sentence, the announcer proclaiming Rias' victory over her opponent echoes across the city, which makes me smirk.

"Told you~"

"Okay, fair point. But what about Sai?" She mentions Rias' cousin. "Wouldn't you want to know how he approaches his match?"

"Not really. We'll never meet him in the finals anyway. He's losing to Rias." I shrug. At her judging gaze, I roll my eyes. "I'll watch his match against her. That'll give us a good enough idea if he wins somehow. Happy?"

"I just don't want us getting too reckless or complacent, Akane." She points out. "You being confident is your thing, but I don't want that confidence to end up with us losing."

"Since when were you concerned about winning or losing? I thought you were fine as long as you don't lose the first round." I reply. "And we won that. Not like losing any other match is going to affect you negatively."

I would lose my shit if we did, though. I didn't come here to fail the quest. I'm not missing those rewards, even if it kills me. Seven thousand stat points? Are you out of your mind? A jump like that would propel me above even Ichiban's Balance Breaker. Like hell I'm losing anything.

Considering how 'arrogant' I'm being, it might contradict what I'm telling Sona, but it's not like I'm entirely overconfident. Seekvaira is still a threat with her time powers, so I won't waste any chances with her in case we end up against each other, and I'm still very wary of Diodora.

This hazy memory about him still persists, and the more I think about him, the more I'm convinced that he's bad news. I don't know how, considering his relatively low power, nor do I know if he's relevant in this… 'arc' so to speak. Maybe his importance isn't now, but sometime in the future. I don't know.

I'm just trying to be careful. I had some of my spy bots clinging onto him after his match, and so far, Nemesis hadn't found anything noteworthy. Either he isn't relevant now, or he's also being very cautious. I can't really investigate any further than that unless I want to look suspicious.

I don't like being passive, but all I can realistically do right now is wait until he acts first. Not knowing what he's planning makes me kind of nervous, but what can he even do in front of the most powerful devils in the underworld?

It's good that his next match is against Seekvaria, though. If he really isn't a potential enemy, then he should lose the game, as he's severely outmatched. Winning it somehow would skyrocket the chances of him being someone I should be wary of.

His next match is in three hours after the first preliminary rounds break. This is perfect because if he does win, our match with him will be during the festival's second day, giving me more than enough time to analyze the match and devise a counter plan.

"It would support the fact that we managed to defeat Kokabiel if we could at least reach the finals." She argues. "Which would open up a lot of opportunities for us."

Hmm, I can tell that she doesn't care about that very much. She's trying to get me to stop being overconfident. Which I am only on a surface level. Realistically, I'm being the most careful out of them with my suspicions regarding Diodora.

"I get it," I respond to Sona. But she doesn't need to know that. "But think about it this way. When we were training, we mostly prepared you and Rias to do this tournament on your own. Without my or Ichi's help. And I was still convinced that you had it. Count us in, and it's just overkill. It's gonna be fine, alright? Trust me."

Sona stares at me silently for a moment before sighing.

"Admittedly, your judgment hasn't yet failed us, so I'll take your word for it."

"Exactly what you should be doing. Also, this is a festival, isn't it?" I say, and she nods. "You know what festivals have? Food, and I'm starving. I haven't had anything since waking up."

"We have a reservation at one of the best restaurants in the underworld in a few hours."

"Yeah, but a snack or two wouldn't hurt," I argue, pointing at one of the stalls selling fascinating types of food. "I don't know about you, but I've never had fried cockatrice before. I didn't know these things even existed here."

Or any other mythical creature, for that matter. And the first thing I come across regarding these legendary beasts is them being turned into food, which is on point. I'm not complaining— it's honestly hilarious.

Regarding food, I expected something boring like 'demonic cow steak' or whatever. After all, Rias' family has demonic camels, so a demonic variant of other animals must exist, right? It would make sense. Probably.

Lo and behold, I thought right. Most food stalls around sell that bland stuff, but then there are other interesting vendors with even more interesting products. I mean, seriously, minotaur burgers? Hippocamp fillet? Do they have farms of these things?

"They're nothing special. They don't taste all that different from regular chicken." Sona tells me. "Though, I can understand being fascinated."

"I thought things like that were rare or too dangerous," I say, seeing something that makes me laugh in absurdity. "Basilisk meatballs? You people are insane."

"Most creatures can be tamed and domesticated. Not all of them, of course. The ones that can be are prevalent, seeing how many farms there are." Sona explains. "Then you have the more powerful creatures that are nearly impossible to tame, making them rare. Like hydras, for example. They're considered a delicacy even among nobles."

"Hydras?!" I look at her in shock. "Wait, they're dragons, aren't they? Shouldn't they be pure energy?"

"Not all dragons have bodies made of energy. Some have physical ones." She says. "Hydras, drakes, and dinosaurs are physical dragons. I tried drake meat once, but it's not good. It's too chewy and tough and barely has any flavor."

"…Dinosaurs?" I blink, trying to process what she just said. "Dinosaurs are dragons?"

"Lesser earth dragons, yes. Weakest type, barely on the level of mid-class entities." Sona nods. "It's too bad that they were wiped out on Earth, but if you're interested, there's a zoo that holds a few of them in captivity in my clan's territory. I can take you there if you wish."

I don't even know how to approach the subject anymore. Dinosaurs are fucking dragons? And they're not extinct? Every time I think I've seen everything, the supernatural side of the world keeps surprising me with new shit every single time.

And I love it. It's so fun.

"Maybe after dinner," I respond as we stop by the stall. "I don't think Ichi would want to miss it."

"That's true. Knowing him, he'd be all over it."

"Well, yeah. He's a guy." I snort, standing in front of one of the food stalls as I browse what they have for sale.

I pause as I think about what I want to have. Honestly? I want to try out everything, but I don't want to overeat and miss out on this restaurant Sona has been hyping up. There's no rush, obviously, since I'm here for three days, but still…

"What is it?" Sona asks. "Can't choose?"

"Everything looks good," I confirm. "I don't know what to start with."

"I recommend the hippogriff skewers." Another voice quips. One I recognize almost immediately. "Highly underrated, in my opinion."

I quickly turn around to see my uncle looking at me with his usual relaxed smirk, genuinely surprising me. I haven't seen him since the aftermath of the Kokabiel incident. He suddenly disappeared without saying a word.

…I'm glad he's here, though. Someone has to look after my idiot mom.

"What the hell are you doing here?" I ask bluntly.

"What a pleasant surprise, Akiyama-san. I didn't think you'd be attending the festival." Sona greets him with a smile.

"Like night and day." He sighs to himself. "Well, I had some free time, and after I got word that Akane was joining the tournament, I thought I'd stop by. No way I'd miss this."

"And where did you vanish off to prior?" I cock an eyebrow. "Not even my mother knew where you were."

"Had some urgent matters to attend to in Yokohama. It's fine, though. Everything is taken care of." He answers vaguely, handing the vendor some money. Sure, don't tell me. "Three hippogriff skewers, please."

"Aye, aye."

Right, that Korean Geomijul faction. I forgot that he worked for them. But to leave without saying anything… It must've been really pressing, huh?

"Anyway—" He looks at us. "Saw your match. Good work out there. Brash tactics, though. Charging in like that."

"I wasn't gonna waste my energy on weaklings." I snort.

"That's not an attitude you should be taking with you in a competition as fierce as this." He suggests. "Don't wanna end up losing and embarrassing yourself, right?"

"That's what I've been telling her." Sona huffs. "She can acknowledge being more powerful, but the overconfidence can be irritating. You don't have to call them weaklings or fodder, okay? Show some respect to your rivals. Wouldn't hurt you to be humble."

Being told to be humble by a devil is beyond ironic.

"Alright, alright. Here's what I actually think." I roll my eyes. "I'm keeping my cards close to my chest. I don't want the stronger teams to know what we're capable of."

"Now that's a better answer." Akiyama nods approvingly, taking the skewers off the vendor's hands. "Here."

"For me?" Sona blinks in surprise as he offers one while I snatch mine without hesitating. "Why, thank you."

"Night and day." He repeats, this time with a chuckle. "You know where your mother is, Akane?"

"Why? Are you finally going to ask her out?" I tease him, making him sigh.

"No."

"Then no, I don't," I say cheekily.

"Of course not." He replies with a mixture of exasperation and amusement. "I'll go look for her. Send me a message if you need anything."

With that, he waves goodbye, leaving us alone as Sona and I continue our walk. As I enjoy the delicious and unique flavor of hippogriff meat for the first time, she asks me something… interesting, to say the least.

"I don't want to sound nosy about your personal life, but it feels like you're playing matchmaker." She says. "Regarding Akiyama-san and your mother, I mean. Is it intentional?"

"No, not really." I shrug. "It's fun teasing him about it, though."

"So would you be against it if it does happen?"

"I wouldn't mind, no. I mean, Akiyama's basically my second father." I answer truthfully. "He took care of me ever since my first one passed away, mostly during my mother's deep depression when she was unresponsive."

Sona waits for me to finish.

"Though, I don't really see it happening," I add. "Akiyama isn't attracted to her romantically, regardless of how he reacts to teasing. As for my mom… She's loyal to a fault, and I'm pretty sure she thinks my dad is still alive somehow. Even though she saw his corpse."

Clinging to that 'immortal dragon' title like her sanity depended on it. It's both sad and pathetic. I don't know who had the idea of calling a guy that's very clearly mortal 'immortal', but he's a fucking idiot.

I mean, I'd get it if he was an actual dragon or something like that. But he was a regular human despite his title, wasn't he? A very strong one, mind you, but still human. Was he, like, an unaging type of immortal? That would also kind of make sense.

"I see…" Sona responds. "I'm sorry for your loss, Akane."

"It's fine. I was a kid when it happened." I shrug. "I barely remember anything about him, to be honest. Was easy to get over it."

Dying on my birthday was an asshole move, though. It made it annoying to deal with my mother on that specific day. I don't remember a birthday 'party' where she didn't drown herself with alcohol and promptly passed out.

However, that had its positives, too. What do you think happens when you leave an unsupervised child alone with a credit card that practically has infinite money?

Let's just say that you can party by yourself.




– Mizuki –

"Ah, there you are!" She stopped at the familiar voice from the crowd on the streets. "Over here, Mizuki-san."

"Akiyama-san!" Asia exclaimed happily.

"Aki!" Mizuki smiled widely as she met up with him. "I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw your message saying you're here! How's Seonhee?"

"Haha, she's doing good." He responded. "Bit swamped with work, but she sends her regards."

Seeing him around admittedly made Mizuki feel a lot better. Akiyama was one of the most reliable people she'd known. She knew that with him around, even assuming the worst, Akane would be just okay.

Honestly, she felt safer with him than any of the other yakuza. Even though Akiyama wasn't as strong as Majima or Saejima, he was much closer with her daughter than those two, and not being affiliated with the Tojo clan made him much more flexible.

Since most factions were unaware of Geomijul's existence, they viewed him as a freelancer, and he kept that illusion by doing odd jobs for practically anyone. Devils, Fallen, the Church– even other mythological factions like the Shinto, Olympus, and Asgard. He had friends in many places because of it.

Getting a random message from him asking where she was in Lucifaad was immensely relieving. At least she wouldn't have to be here on her own, especially not with the bad feeling after her encounter with that asshole Astaroth.

"Maybe we should visit Yokohama soon. I bet Akane would like her." Mizuki said. A cool lady like Seonhee? She'd be a role model. "So what's with the surprise? Done with work?"

"More or less. I thought I'd see how you and Akane are doing. You know, after disappearing so abruptly." He replied, sounding a little guilty. "I'm sorry about that, by the way. You will not expect why."

"Is that so?" She hummed, glancing at Asia. "Hey, Asia, mind getting us some drinks from that tea stall? Here."

She gave the blond the money.

"Okay. What would you like?"

"Milk tea." She answered. "Extra sugar."

"I'm fine with unsweetened green tea." Akiyama requested.

"Got it."

With that, she ran off to the stall, feeling significantly more comfortable than before, probably because they were very close to her anyway. Mizuki needed the girl away because she knew what Akiyama was about to say should probably stay between them.

"So?"

He stood next to her as they monitored Asia from afar, lowering his voice as much as possible. Then, after a sigh, he spoke.

"Shiva-sama paid me a visit."

Mizuki froze.

"S-Shiva-sama?" She almost couldn't believe her ears. "What could he possibly want from you?"

She almost called him out on his bullshit, but with how serious he sounded, she knew Akiyama wasn't playing around or messing with her. Shiva, the God of Destruction? The strongest in all the realms? Whatever he could want, he'd get in an instant. He didn't need anyone to do his bidding. Certainly not a random freelancer like the man next to her.

The only reason he'd personally look for someone would be to destroy them, but seeing how Akiyama was still alive and well… What the hell did that mean?

"I don't know the specifics, but he wants me to find someone." He answered, taking out his phone and showing her two pictures. "This. I've never seen anyone or anything that looks like it."

The first picture was a very well-drawn portrait of a hooded figure with short white hair and blood-red eyes. From the looks of it, the young girl with a serene smile and soft features made Mizuki think she was maybe in her early teens. She didn't particularly look special or unusual.

The second picture was another portrait of the same girl, but distorted and highly abnormal. She had a sinister grin with sharp, pointy teeth and what looked like 'cracks' all over her face, almost like a porcelain doll breaking apart. It was unlike anything she had ever seen, and as a former killer for hire, she had seen a lot in her life.

Was it some kind of homunculus or golem? That was the closest thing she could think of, but that wasn't it. It was too different, practically alien.

Mizuki was completely confounded by the sight before her. The creature didn't appear as terrifying as the other monsters she had encountered, but something about it felt inherently wrong. It seemed out of place, as though it defied the natural order of things. A sense of threat nibbled at the edges of her consciousness, intensifying with every passing moment she spent studying the creature.

Why does it suddenly feel like I'm being watched? She thought, deeply concerned.

She didn't understand how she could feel such a way by merely looking at a portrait of this anomaly, but this was clearly not something to be trifled with. Not when Shiva was looking for it.

"I… don't know who or what this is." She answered truthfully, averting her eyes from it. It legitimately creeped her out. "I've never seen anything that looks like this."

"I thought as much." He said with a sigh, closing his phone and pocketing it. "I tried to get some answers, but Shiva didn't explain anything. He told me that I should inform him immediately if I ever see anything that looks like it."

"I see…"

There was a pregnant pause afterward, during which Mizuki collected her thoughts.

"That thing." She said. "Is it just me, or did it look like it was—"

"Staring back?" He finished for her, and she nodded. "Yeah, I felt it too. But I don't understand how. It's just a drawing. It's not magical by any means."

"Even if it was…" Mizuki narrowed her eyes. "…How come we could feel that way through your phone?"

"Wish I could answer that," Akiyama said. "Whatever this thing is, it had even Shiva worried, and after seeing the picture, I can say it's fully warranted. Anything that could have such an effect isn't anything normal, even by supernatural standards."

"What are you going to do now?"

"What else? Look for it." He answered. "Besides it being a request from the God of Destruction himself, I feel almost obligated to take care of it. I don't want something like that running around. If it even exists."

"Wait, why did he even come for you specifically?" She asked. "Wouldn't he have a better time contacting Daigo or something?"

"Not just me." Aki shook his head. "According to him, he requested a lot of people in different parts of the world to look for this entity. Mostly freelancers, though. He's avoiding faction leaders."

"I see," Mizuki said, and after a pause, she added. "Requesting them to look for this thing would be a little odd."

And as powerful and terrifying as he was, it wouldn't be appreciated. Getting people like Akiyama to look for it was an intelligent choice, assuming he explicitly told them not to mention his involvement with this investigation to faction leaders.

"I'll ask Daigo-san for help after the festival." He said. "With his resources, searching for this entity in Japan will be a lot easier."

"Right. Well, I know you wouldn't want this getting out, so my lips are sealed." She said, noticing Asia returning to them with their tea. "And I'll be sure to keep an eye out. Did you ask Akane if she knew anything about it?"

"Nah. I don't want her to concern herself with this stuff." He shook his head. "It doesn't really involve her, does it?"

"I mean, I'd be mad at you for dragging her with you, not asking her if she knew what this thing is," Mizuki replied. "But fair enough. Knowing her, she'd get intrigued and look around herself."

"My point exactly."

"Here's your tea," Asia said, giving them their cups.

"Thank you~" She ruffled the blond's hair. "Now, let's go back. Second preliminary rounds are about to start."

"You think Akane is going to win again?"

"Knowing her? She's winning as fast as the first round." Akiyama answered.

"That's Akane, alright. Always flexing." Mizuki snorted.

Mizuki couldn't explain why, but most of her worries about Diodora had more or less been replaced by thoughts of the girl in the second portrait. She would still share her concerns with Akiyama. This was no excuse to ignore such a thing.

But She couldn't recall the last time she'd had such a strong reaction to anything like that girl.

Mizuki knew deep down that whoever or whatever she was, she was really, really dangerous.





– Diodora –

He knew that what he was doing was grounds for execution, but honestly? Who cared? He was sick and tired of playing Mister Nice Guy with these horrid humans. He was sick of how weak the devils had become after the New Satans had taken control.

Them being individually powerful was one thing, but to go through with that shitty peace treaty? Seriously? The fact that even Ajuka didn't bother to stop it from going through made him disgusted that they were related. Even though his genius was undisputed — being the inventor of the Kankara Formula and the Evil Pieces — it still embarrassed Diodora.

Did they just not get it? Humans were as good as toys for them. They always had been. The fact that they needed to act friendly to them was humiliating. Diodora almost regretted that he hadn't gotten himself caught kidnapping the dumb nun whores in Italy.

Though, he knew it would've gotten him killed. These 'New Satans' were disgustingly righteous.

That was why he decided to get them out of office: by creating a back door for the real Satans to exploit and take control. It was good that Diodora had been able to get Sirzechs' and Serafall's trust. It made it unbelievably easy.

Of course, under any other circumstance, Diodora wouldn't have sided with the Old Satans because he knew that the moment he was caught, it was over for him. As much as he hated to admit it, he was nowhere near powerful enough to be in any position to rebel…

He felt a smile stretch across his face as he looked at the glowing sign of infinity on the back of his hand. To think they had somehow made contact with the Ouroborus Dragon and allied themselves with it…

He didn't believe them at first, but to see it in the flesh was the most convincing proof they could've gotten him. Blessing him with its power was just icing on the cake. It made Diodora feel confident. With immense power like this, he doubted even the leaders could take him down.

Once the symbol's glow died down, he stepped into the coliseum with his harem of broken dolls. Soon. Very soon. And once everything was done and settled, he'd get that blond slut for himself as a bonus.

Maybe after teaching that other human bitch a lesson.




– Akane –

As the match between Seekvaria and Diodora begins, I look around me and notice that after the second preliminary round, it will start feeling empty here. From sixteen teams to only four.

Tomorrow is the semi-finals and then a friendly match between the top-ranking players, which I'm a little interested in, and the last day is the finals and the award ceremony. I'm not sure if I'm gonna get anything from it, seeing that I'm not actually part of the peerage, but oh well.

Winning this would make me pretty famous. Is that bad or good? Both. It is bad because it makes it harder to lay low and make my schemes, and it is good because, like the girls here, it might give me opportunities to work with other factions.

Kind of? I'm not sure what I'd gain from doing that in particular, but to be fair, I haven't thought about it much. Honestly, all I care about, as I've established many times already, are the rewards from the quest—my delicious seven thousand stats.

Everything else? Secondary. I can think about it all later once I'm back home. Actually, I think I'll reward myself with a trip to Hawaii because even though I've barely spent six hours here, I really like not having to be monitored all the fucking time. Also, it's lovely this time of year.

Of course, that may or may not be an excuse to build a secret base there. If I go to Hawaii, I'm spending the entire summer vacation there, and a month is a lot of time to make several breakthroughs in the engineering department. Perhaps I can figure out how to create teleporters like the Tojo clan did.

And considering how Hawaii is just several isolated islands between Japan and the US, it'd make it pretty easy to grind out my Devour skill in America. If I'm never traced, then they'll never figure out where the attacks are coming from.

Who is 'they' I'm talking about? The CIA. They're aware of the supernatural and even have several Sacred Gear users. How do I know this? I simply asked my mother after I heard her slip once upon a time by complaining about them.

Apparently, they don't like her very much for some reason. It's probably the tax thing, which is understandable. And hilarious. Leave it to my mother to somehow piss off a faction that's on the other side of the world and then complain that they're mean. I don't know how she avoided the IRS if that really is the case, but she makes me proud to be her daughter sometimes.

Maybe I should get her a gift. After all, she brought me, the salvation of this loveless and evil world, to life. She blessed the world with perfection; she should be given a gift of equal value. It's only natural that she's given everything she could ask for.

Alas, she's also annoying as fuck, so that's a lot of points deducted. To a point where the best I can offer is a bottle of wine.

"I'll admit, I expected this to be a much closer match," Sairaorg notes as we all watch Seekvaria's team manhandling the fuck out of Diodora and his harem.

"Same concept with her previous opponent," I respond. "Her time ability and her control over it makes her a force to be reckoned with. Unless Dora had a good counter, he'd need more raw power than her. A lot more."

"To be able to either resist her time abilities or outright knock her out before she has a chance to use them." Sona nods. "Unless he pulls a miracle, Diodora has no chance of winning this."

"And her team isn't too shabby either." Sai's queen piece adds. "Especially, her queen."

Yes, her pet dragon. Young, but pretty strong. He isn't as strong as me or anyone here, for that matter, though. Well, except Akeno, I'd imagine. She's kind of the weakest here. And that's saying something because she's pretty powerful herself.

"He seriously had no chance from the beginning, huh?" Rias says. "I feel kind of bad for him. He was such a polite person, too…"

I don't. Considering his weird title and the way he looks at Ichi and me, it makes him look really slimy. Looking down on us like we're beneath him, as if I can't fucking flick him into a bloody paste.

"Still, the more I watch this match, the more odd it is." I hum thoughtfully. "It doesn't feel like he tried to prepare for this match. His strategy was unremarkable, with no specific twists to help him against Seekvaria's time powers. It's like he's intentionally throwing the match or simply doesn't care enough to bother. That…"

We watch as the only one standing is Diodora himself, still smiling politely as he's surrounded by Seekvaria and her peerage. There is no hint of worry on his face or in his attitude. He's simply just smiling at her.

"…Or he's so sure of his victory that he's just not worried." I finish my sentence.

"You believe he has a trump card?" Sona asks.

"That's the only thing that could explain his attitude if we assume he does want to win." I nod. "Whatever trump card this is, it's much more powerful than Seekvaria could hope to compete against."

"Quite the assessment, my dear Akane." Lucifer quips with his usual smile. "Let's see if your intuition is right on the mark."

Of course, I don't respond to him and watch the battle continue in silence, as does everyone else.

"Surrender," Seekvaria tells him. "You have no way out of this, Diodora, and I'd rather not hurt you too much."

"My, how kind of you, Ms. Agares." He chuckles. "But I'm afraid I cannot do that."

"Your entire peerage has been wiped out. You have none left." She reminds him. "You are on your own and are surrounded by a full peerage. You move an inch, and you're bombarded with spells before you can say a single word."

"Well, that is true…" His smile turns vicious. "…But I have one more trick up my sleeve."

Knew it.

"Don't try it," Seekvaria warns him. "Not even you could handle the onslaught. I don't want to hurt you, but I won't waste any chances."

Diodora doesn't listen, and the moment he gets into an offensive position, Seekvaria casts a magic circle that slows him down, and he's instantly flooded with dozens of different spells from every direction. So many that something of this scale could seriously hurt even me.

Thunder, fire, wind, ice, water— every type of element as well as demonic and draconic energy being thrown at him, violently shattering the ground on which he stands, leaving a huge crater behind.

Smoke and dust fill the crater, but I can easily tell that this isn't over yet, and the moment Seekvaria relaxes ever so slightly, a dark green beam of energy comes out of the smoke faster than she could react, piercing her chest.

I hear gasps of shock and surprise from the people around me as Seekvaria falls down on her back, coughing up blood as her team immediately approaches her, dread and terror being cast upon them as they're teleported away, likely to the infirmary, indicating Diodora's victory.

As the dimensional arena shatters and we're shown the coliseum again, Diodora looks… normal. Nothing looks weird about him as he bows to the shocked crowd before they start cheering like crazy.

But I'm not stupid. That wasn't natural.

"What the fuck?" Ichiban is the one who breaks the silence. "What the hell was that?! Is she gonna be okay?!"

"Calm down, she'll be fine." The Abaddon chick responds a little callously. "Although the wound may look severe, devils are way more resilient than humans. It could still take us weeks to die from a wound like that, so she'll be treated with a Phenex Tear as soon as possible."

"R-right…"

"Turns out you were right," Sona says after they've processed what they saw. "I don't know how, but that's definitely something he was saving up."

"It's a damn shame we can't sense what was going on there," Rias adds. "How did he tear through all her defenses like that? What kind of trump card does he have?"

I glance at Lucifer, who looks deep in thought. Once he notices my staring, he responds.

"I'll need time to gather my thoughts and come to a proper conclusion." He says. "Though, I can confirm that that power looked familiar."

Good, a possible lead to what the fuck that might be. And it also confirms that this guy is bad news. I'm glad. Now when he eventually fucks up against me, I can beat the shit out of him. His face pisses me off.

I guess that accidental kill rule might be abused after all.





– Ichiban –

After what he might consider one of the greatest dinners ever, Ichi and Rias' peerage — also Akane and her team — spent the rest of the night hanging out together, seeing no reason to split up like earlier.

After all, they were done with today. All of them had won their respective matches just as easily as their first. Akane, being Akane, did the exact same thing and immediately knocked out the enemy King ten seconds into the round. Faster than her first match, too, as this time, instead of casually strolling over, she immediately rushed toward the enemy base before they even had a chance to spread.

He and Rias had won theirs with a simple strategy, which wasn't special either. Ichi had encountered the enemy King and easily defeated him with two active boosts, the match barely going over two minutes.

As for the final match for this day, Sai had won, as everyone had expected. That guy was really powerful, and Ichi could see that he was hiding a trump card. He didn't know what it was, but he was definitely much stronger than what he was letting on.

Ichi couldn't confirm it, but his gut feeling was telling him that. And Ddraig's warning, which came as a surprise for the boy. The giant lizard, who had been sleeping the entire time, woke up, said something vague like 'look out for the buff devil' without elaborating, then promptly went back to his nap.

Was Ichiban being tested? Maybe. He knew not to get overconfident either way, though. Each time he got cocky, he immediately got his ass handed to him. He wasn't going to let that happen again.

Especially after seeing what had happened to Seekvaria. Just what the hell was that? What kind of power did Diodora have? Whatever he had, he'd put Akane very deep in thought for a good chunk of time while they were hanging out.

He hoped she was going to be okay against his team tomorrow.

After the final match, the devil heiresses took them to all sorts of attractions, even to one of the coolest things he could imagine: Real-life Jurassic Park. He wasn't aware that dinosaurs were still a thing, nor that they had actually been dragons all along. It blew his mind completely.

So, did that mean that dragons were some of the oldest living beings in the universe? They'd existed for millions of years… they were older than many of the gods, right? Maybe? Honestly, knowing that mythological gods were real made his head hurt if he thought about it too much.

Because who'd made the world? Each mythology had its story, but if they were all real, then all stories would be real, but that would mean there's a lot of conflicting information. Did the God of the Bible make the universe? Was there a Big Bang? Was it Gaia? Odin?

…Was that world even that old? Ichiban didn't know; honestly, he wanted to keep it that way. There was probably no true answer anyway— each god would probably say their story was real. Maybe.

Unless it was a very simple answer that everyone knew except him. Admittedly, that would be pretty embarrassing.

As he finished reading the Wiki page on Egyptian mythology, as he'd gotten curious about how each pantheon viewed the birth of the world, Ichi got comfortable on his bed before the door to his bedroom suddenly opened, prompting him to tear his eyes off his phone for a moment to glance at his best friend walking inside in her pajamas with a wet towel over her head. She blinked as they locked eyes, then tilted her head curiously.

"What's up?" She asked, closing the door behind her. "What are you reading about?"

"Oh, I was just wondering." He responded, closing his phone. "How did the world come to be?"

Akane paused.

"Like, you know," Ichi added. "Knowing everything happened. Every ancient mythological story ever made. You'd think one of them gotta be true, right?"

"Isn't it obvious?"

"It is?" He blinked, looking at her signature smirk.

As expected from Akane. She'd know something like that pretty easily. She was, like, the most intelligent person Ichiban knew.

"Everything came to be when I, the main character of the universe and everything else beyond it, came to exist as a concept." She answered. "All to suit my needs and wants."

And the most arrogant. He thought. I should've expected this.

"You know what that means, Ichi." Akane continued, sitting on the side of his bed and giving him a hairbrush. "As my loyal servant and subject, you will obey all of my requests. No complaining."

He stared at the hairbrush with a deadpan stare for a few moments before sighing. It felt like he'd walked right into a trap.

"As you command, your Highness." He played along.

"No. Call me Mistress instead. Or Goddess. 'Your Highness' is too boring." She ordered, throwing her hair towel to the side. "Come on now, stop stalling and do as you're told~"

As he scooted closer to her, sitting right behind her, Ichiban stopped. He realized what he was about to do, and he felt his face go red. She was telling him to brush her hair, and he was going to do it with no hesitation, but wasn't that kind of intimate?

Was this really fine? She didn't seem to find anything wrong with this, so maybe he was just being crazy, but it still felt odd to do something like this… right? He never brushed a girl's hair before.

"What's the holdup?" She asked, glancing at him. "You okay?"

"Uh, yeah, yeah. Just um…" He carefully tried to phrase his next sentence. "Are you really okay with me doing this?"

"What?" She looked at him in confusion. "Why wouldn't I be? I let Rias do it all the time. Why not you?"

"Yeah, but Rias is a girl." He responded. "I'm a dude."

"You're worried about that? Seriously?" Akane raised a brow at him, giving him a slightly annoyed look. "Well, fine. I trust you to do as you're told and not touch me inappropriately. That enough consent?"

"Okay, okay, you don't have to get mad." He relented, getting slightly closer.

Ichiban began brushing her hair, hesitantly at first, until he got more comfortable with his position. What he'd expected to be a very awkward moment between them quickly turned into a surprisingly relaxing endeavor, with the two enjoying the silence for a while.

And the fact that she smelled very nice helped. The instinctual impulse to hug her from behind and take a deep whiff was immediately crushed by the reasonable idea that it would make him look like a huge creep. That and his dick would get frozen off.

"So anyway," She started. "I've been thinking about lots of things, but I wanna hear your opinion about—"

He was hopeless. Every time he thought he had gotten better at forgetting that 'promise' of hers, it came back to haunt him with a vengeance. He couldn't ignore his romantic feelings for her— he had acknowledged them a while ago, but he'd never felt brave enough to tell her that.

Because of all her teasing, Akane acted that way with pretty much everyone she deemed a friend. He wasn't sure she actually felt the way she acted toward him, and Ichi… didn't want to take this risk.

She meant a lot to him. Up there with Arakawa as a person who'd saved him from a pointless, hollow life. Dating her sounded like a dream, but he didn't want his feelings to ruin a friendship that meant the world.

That was how he'd always felt until the suggestive picture she sent him and her promise.

Ichiban wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but even he wasn't dense enough not to see those huge signs. You don't say or do those things to a 'friend', and Akane wasn't the kind of person to throw herself at random men just for fun. Not to him, at least. Because if that were the case, why not someone who had a more attractive face or better body?

"You're not listening to me, are you?" Akane said, looking back at him with a frown before smirking. "Though, I guess I can forgive you. You must be captivated by my perfect hair, like silk woven by peerless artists. It took two years of proper care, you know? I'm very proud of it."

Perhaps their feelings were mutual after all?

…It was worth a shot.

"...Ichi?" She blinked, noticing his fixated staring at her face.

Ichiban didn't say anything and instead inched closer to her, putting his hands on her shoulders. Akane seemingly froze in surprise, prompting him to gather enough courage to press his lips against her soft ones…

…Only for her to block his shot by putting her index finger right between them. For a moment, he wasn't sure what to feel, staring silently into Akane's eyes for what felt like ages. His heart was going wild until realization hit him like a bag of bricks.

Ichiban felt his blood run cold— Akane's expressionless look made it hard to understand what she was feeling in that moment, but he knew that he had fucked it up. He fucked it all up. What the hell had he been thinking?!

Why did I do that?! Just because there were signs, it didn't confirm shit! He thought, feeling despair. Oh god, what did I do?! Right after she told me that she trusted me…

"I-I'm sorry." He said, immediately backing away. "Oh, god, I'm so sorry."

Akane said nothing and stood up, which unnerved him to no end.

"I-I don't know what came over me. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it." He desperately tried to earn her forgiveness and bowed his head. "I must've been tired or something— Really!"

Once again, there was no response.

"Look, it'll never happen again, okay? I promise on Arakawa-san's life." He swore. "If you feel the need to beat up for doing that, please do. I shouldn't have done something like that. I deserve everything bad happening to me."

Not knowing what else to say, Ichiban stayed quiet as the dread continued creeping up on him, feeling like the worst thing he had ever experienced.

He felt her getting closer to him— close enough that he could feel her cool body temperature, but until Akane spoke, he remained in place, not moving a muscle.

"Ichi."

"Y-yes?"

"Look at me."

Hesitantly, he raised his head and looked back at her, seeing her usual smirk. Suddenly, she put a hand on his cheek and brought him very close to her face, turning the overwhelming anxiety he was feeling into confusion.

"That was pretty bold of you." She said with a sultry tone. "Got my heart all thumping like crazy. Here, look."

She took his hand and guided it toward her chest, feeling up her impossibly soft breasts as well as her heartbeat. But even with all that, he had one question in his mind.

"See?"

"Y-you're not mad?"

"For shooting your shot? Of course not." She giggled. "I was just a little surprised."

"Ah…" Ichiban felt immense relief at that, giving him enough courage to ask another question. "So uh… Why'd you—"

"Because that'd be too easy, Ichi. And I don't like making things easy." She answered before he could finish asking. "I know how much it means for you, y'know? So I need you to work for it. Remember what we promised? If you beat me, I'll fulfill your wildest dreams."

Hearing her confirm his initial idea that she might share his feelings made him feel extremely joyous. It made nearly all his worries disappear as he imagined deepening their relationship beyond just friends.

Like any other guy his age, he obviously wanted to know what it was like to date someone, to enjoy his youth, even though he was told by the one man he respected most not to count on it because of his duties, and especially considering his lack of experience in romance. But with the chance to experience it with her of all people?

He didn't know what he did to deserve this, but in that moment, he thanked every god he could think of.

"I-is that right?" Ichiban felt himself smile, becoming more confident now that she looked just as enthusiastic as him. "Then you better not chicken out when I win."

"On the contrary, you better win." She said with a dangerous glint in her eyes, which made him shiver. "Or else you won't like what happens to you. Are we clear?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Good." Her smirk got wider as she backed off, taking her hairbrush with her. "Go to bed now. You can't hope to win if you're too tired to throw a punch. Goodnight."

Akane then left the room, closing the door behind her and leaving Ichi shocked, relieved, and very exhilarated. The surge of adrenaline was worse than anything he had gone through thus far.

Good job, partner.

Thanks… Wait, you're awake?

Taking risks really was the way to go.





— Akane —

That asshole nearly gave me a heart attack. Fuck me, I didn't expect him to do something like that. The fact that I kept my cool is a miracle. Where did that come from anyway? He just suddenly decided to do that? Fucking hell.

I glare at the laughing Lucifer with a red face as I walk to my room. And he was not making it easier for me, giving me those weird looks and saying things like 'Seems I should be leaving you two alone' like a piece of shit.

"It's not funny."

"I didn't think you could show these reactions." He responds, still laughing. "But that was on me. You are still a teenage girl, after all."

"Fuck you." I scoff. "Go die again, you piece of shit ghost. And this time, stay dead."

Lucifer isn't offended by my words at all, finding this extremely amusing. It's not. It's really annoying. And his chuckling doesn't make me find the mirth in it. I wish he'd just stop and go do something else with his life.

"Dick," I growl. "Shut up already."

"My apologies if you find me irritating." He says after a moment, clearing his throat. "But I must ask: Why are you against the boy trying to court you? You like him, do you not?"

"I'm not—" I stop myself from arguing.

Against it? No. I'm not against it. In fact, I was so tempted to just let him do it. I want to let things develop from there until I pin him down and ride him until morning. And I don't feel sexual urges very often.

I don't know why I found seeing him trying something with me like that so attractive, but it seriously made me consider just going 'fuck it', ignoring my deal with him, and then fucking him right there and then.

But with those urges suddenly going crazy, at the same time, I, for some reason, felt really…scared? And not scared for myself or anything like that. I trust Ichiban— he's too kind to do anything like that. Even if that were to happen somehow, I could still defend myself just fine. I can move faster than he can activate his Sacred Gear.

No, it'd be more accurate to say that I felt afraid for him. Like something very bad would happen to him if we were to go through with it. But I don't understand. I can't deny the fact that I'm attracted to him, but why did my body react like that? Why do I feel that way?

It'd be so easy to just do it and emotionally manipulate him from there— that's what I'm planning to do after he 'wins' the challenge. He'd be a puppet, and a puppet as strong as he is valuable.

I don't understand. All the teasing prior was fine. His reactions were always hilarious and I enjoyed it a lot, but when things got too close, my chest started to ache.

…Am I scared that I'd hurt him?

"Look, my love life is none of your business, alright?" I say, not wanting to dwell on those confusing thoughts. "Just drop it."

"Alright, alright. As you wish." He chuckles again. God, he's so annoying. "And since I've teased you so much, how about some…compensation?"

I glance at him in confusion.

"That energy Diodora used during his match," Lucifer says. "The Power of Infinity."

I freeze.

"What?"

"Interesting, isn't it?" He continues with a smirk. "It seems that somehow, Ophis has entered the fray."

Well then…

That's definitely nice to know before our match.

…But infinity or not, I'm still beating his ass.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 138 others
Mirlnir
Sep 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 48: Lion and Dragon
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Sep 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#820
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, UwU




– Akane –

"Wouldn't it be wise for you to be in bed at this hour?" Lucifer asks, standing beside me on the balcony. "You have a long day ahead of you."

For a moment, I don't respond; I'm busy watching the footage of my spy tech following Diodora somewhere through a HUD projected by high-tech lenses I created the other day— an upgraded scouter, so to speak. This way, I can communicate with Nemesis without having to look at my phone when in public. Similar to how I interact with the system messages and mechanics.

But because I want to the devil god to see this as well, the lenses are capable of projecting a holographic screen. Anyway, I was going to sleep before Nemesis notified me of him acting suspiciously. I knew monitoring him now would be pretty meaningful.

Diodora being blessed by Ophis is one thing, but I still have no idea how and where he got that power from, nor what he plans to do with it. Clearly, he's scheming something that's going to interrupt the tournament or something along those lines. For what? I'm not sure yet. That's why I'm watching him.

So far, he hasn't noticed the little spiders clinging to his clothes. Ever since they got onto him the first time, he's been completely oblivious. I had a few spy bots search up his room after he left to go to wherever he is going now, but he's still being extremely careful. I found nothing incriminating in his room.

He is so careful that he's making sure he's not recognized by wearing darker clothes… and somehow getting his hands on the Amon cloaking tech the fallen used. So that's who he's allying himself with? Is all of this just an elaborate plan to capture me?

But how could they have known I'd join this tournament? My decision was pretty spontaneous. They couldn't have planned all of this in a matter of a week. Plus, this would also imply that Ophis is their ally, and if that's true, then this might be a lot worse than I thought.

I don't think I'd get to its level even if I devoured everyone present in the tournament. Satan-class devils included. It's the infinity dragon, for fuck's sake. It's one of, if not the strongest for a reason.

"Say…" I lower my cigarette, glancing at Lucifer. "What can you tell me about Ophis?"

Lucifer pauses, putting a hand on his chin to think about his answer.

"Hmm… If I were to liken it to something, it would be more akin to a natural disaster than anything else." He says. "Fearsome and unstoppable, capable of annihilating entire civilizations in the blink of an eye."

I wait for him to continue while paying attention to whatever Diodora is doing. So far, nothing interesting.

"But at the same time, like natural disasters, it's aimless. Despite what it can do, it holds no hatred or evil in its heart." He adds. "And it lacks ambition. It wants nothing else than to continue its eternal slumber in the dimensional gap."

"Something about it wanting 'silence'?"

"Yes. Though, that 'silence' isn't literal." Lucifer explains. "The silence it seeks isn't a simple lack of noise. It's true silence. Where it cannot hear, see, sense, or feel anything."

"Then why can't it just make a dimension for itself? Wouldn't that fix the problem?"

"The Infinity Dragon has highly sensitive senses." He says. "So sensitive it far surpasses even the detection of Senjutsu. It matters not what dimension it creates. It'll continue sensing everything happening in every realm outside of its control. Except, of course, the place where it was born."

"The dimensional gap." I nod. "I remember you telling me it's the space separating universes, right? So because it's a dimension outside our universe…"

"…It's far enough that Ophis can get its desired silence." He nods. "The fact that it is in our universe means the Great Dragon of Dreams still occupies its home. Poor thing. I can't imagine how it might be feeling."

It's been trying to get back to its home since Lucifer was alive. Holy shit how has it still not blown everything to bits? Being separated from your home and having to suffer from overwhelmingly sensitive senses for this long sounds like actual hell. I'd rather die than be in its place.

I hate that I can't remember anything else about it. I just know that it takes the shape of a little girl, but that's about it. I don't know why it's, or rather, she's here, why she's with the Amon, and what her goal is by blessing Diodora. Did the Amon promise her this silence, and now she's listening to everything they say?

And did they recruit Diodora just so that they could kidnap me somehow?

"Ah, I remember when it approached me back when I was alive." Lucifer suddenly says with a nostalgic look. "It tried to recruit me in its effort to destroy the Great Red."

"Did you agree?"

"Oh no, of course not." He shakes his head with a chuckle. "I was young and full of pride. Me, working for someone else? Ridiculous. I was so offended, I ended up battling it."

"You fought it?"

He's insane. I mean, I get feeling arrogant being the devil king and all that, but to throw hands with one of the most powerful monsters in this universe? Seriously? Was he that confident in himself or what?

Why couldn't he just disagree and leave it alone?

"Yes. The battle ended in a draw." Lucifer adds. Or he was just that fucking powerful. Holy fuck. "I was a fool. Contrary to its age, Ophis was immensely naive. I could've used it as a weapon against my father had I 'played my cards right' as you'd put it. Alas, my childishness had me refusing any useful allies that did not submit to me. I either had servants or enemies."

"You really were an idiot," I tell him.

"Quite." He smirks. "There's no vice more dangerous than pride, young one. Don't make the same mistakes I did."

The conversation stops there as I contemplate what he told me. I'll try not to. It's not like I'm against having allies anyway. Otherwise, I would've just prepared an escape route, killed everyone around me, absorbed their souls, then fucked off as quickly as I could. It'd be so easy to do that because they trust me.

Thankfully, I am sane. I won't compromise everything I've built here for a quick rush and short-term boost. Playing it slow and steady is the way to go if I want long-term results. And if I don't want everyone in this mortal coil to go after my head.

I exhale a cloud of smoke and pause as Diodora stops and starts speaking quietly and respectfully. The spy bot climbs off him and gets in a hidden position that shows both Diodora and whoever he's talking to. Someone I don't recognize. A man in armor and a cape, with long, messy brown hair covering his right eye.

Wow, steal my look, why don't you? Doesn't look like an Amon, though. If anything, he seems like another devil.

"Lord Beelzebub, sir." Diodora bows. "I'm glad to see that the gaps I've made in the barriers are working. Though, I'm not sure why you've called me here."

Lucifer hums, watching the scene unfold with me, the stranger's name having caught his attention. Beelzebub? That's one of the Old Satans, then? So he's working with the Old Satans, not the Amon. That makes a lot more sense but still doesn't explain how he got their concealing tech.

"Do you have any idea what you've done?" Beelzebub says with an accusatory tone.

"Pardon—"

The Old Satan devil grabs Diodora by the neck, lifting him and choking him out. Beelzebub only looks mildly displeased as he does that, but with the weaker devil struggling so much like this, the gap between their powers is very obvious.

Too bad I can't sense what's going on. Might have to find a way to make Nemesis be able to register energy. Though, then again, Diodora is really hilariously weak anyway.

"You used Ophis' Snake on the first day, you idiot." He said. "You've nearly ruined all of our plans with that stunt."

Diodora chokes and struggles, unable to respond properly.

"It's only a matter of time before Sirzechs and his band of morons realize what you have," Beelzebub adds, slowly relaxing his grip. "You've forced us to show ourselves earlier than intended. What's the matter with you?"

Diodora fell down and rubbed his neck with a cough before glaring at Beelzebub.

"I thought you wanted me to win the tournament." He said. "Isn't that why you made Ophis give me one of her snakes?"

"The snake was to be used as a surprise attack during the award ceremony." Beelzebub crouched to his level. "But somehow, you were forced to use it during your second match?"

"Interesting." Lucifer quips. "So they're planning a coup?"

"During the festival, too." I nod. "Hurt enough civilians from other mythologies and factions to make the New Satans look impotent and weak."

Plus, pissing everyone off. I mean, if I hypothetically got hurt during this coup, then what do you think the Tojo Clan will do? Treaty be damned— things will burn.

So this is what they were waiting for the entire time? It makes more sense than attacking during the treaty, which takes place in Tojo territory with only four factions present. After all, the Old Satans' main goal is to reclaim the capital and be recognized as the official government body of devilkind.

The treaty never bothered them because they could break it whenever they became the new rulers. This does make a lot of sense. However, there's still one thing I'm not sure about.

"Though to do such a thing, they must be rather confident." Lucifer shares my thoughts. "They must have gathered a great many allies. Ophis clearly being one of them."

Pretty much. When they do break the treaty, retaliation will be imminent. The Grigori, Archangels, and the Yakuza will do everything in their power to destroy them. Either to restore the rule of the New Satans or just wipe out the entire faction.

So they need a bunch of powerful allies to feel comfortable in doing this, and with the Amon tech being in their possession…

Yeah, things are starting to be clear.

"The competition this year isn't a joke," Diodora argues. "My second match was against Agares."

"I don't care who you end up against. You assured us you'd win." Beelzebub says, unconvinced. "I'm giving you one last chance. This better not happen again, Diodora."

"I'm afraid that's out of the question, sir." He argues.

"What did you say?" His boss narrows his eyes. "Are you disobeying me?"

"My next match is against Sona Sitri." He quickly clarifies. "And to make matters worse, the human girl that defeated Kokabiel is working with her as a temporary piece. I have to use the snake if I want to win."

Beelzebub looks visibly surprised at that as he pauses, absorbing the information. His frown turns thoughtful.

"You mean Akane Amamiya is a participant?"

"The Immortal Dragon's daughter, yes," Diodora confirms.

"Is that so…" Beelzebub hums thoughtfully. "This… changes things. Rizevim would be interested in this…"

I blink. Rizevim? Isn't that—

"Rizevim? Rizevim is alive?" Lucifer looks surprised.

"You know him?"

"Know him?" He looks at me with a raised eyebrow. "He's my son. To think he hadn't died yet… Interesting. So is he the mastermind behind this?"

…Rizevim is his son? Seriously? At most, I thought he was like a descendant, not his direct child. Holy shit, even that guy wants something from me. Why? I get the Amon because I'm related to them, but this random asshole?

Why am I so intriguing to them? I don't remember ever doing something of particular interest. Unless they know about the sword?

That would be a big fucking problem.

"He… would?" The Astaroth devil looks confused. "In what way?"

"That doesn't concern you," Beelzebub says bluntly. "Change of plans. Use the snake's power during your match with Sitri. We'll use that as the signal to attack. Do NOT kill the Amamiya girl under any circumstance."

"Ah… Very well." Diodora nods, not questioning him. "But what about after your ambush? What should I be doing then?"

"You may do whatever you like." Beelzebub shrugs, turning around. "Retreat, help in battle— I don't care. You will have done your job by then."

"Right. Thank you, sir." He bows with a sinister grin. "So you won't be against me taking… souvenirs back with me, yes?"

I don't like how he said that.

"As I said, do whatever you like." The Beelzebub responded before walking away. "Don't fail us this time."

After Diodora is left alone and I've seen enough, I close the video footage and exhale. Alright, this basically confirmed it. The invasion was supposed to happen now, not during the treaty. That makes a lot of sense.

Good. That makes me feel much better.

"So what will you do now?" Lucifer asks. "You have evidence for Diodora's treason. Won't you present it to the current rulers? I imagine that would stop this coup before it even has a chance to start."

"Why would I do that?" I tilt my head at him with a smirk. "It's not like I'm obligated to help the devils with their defenses, right? It's certainly not my job."

"Wouldn't it be the right thing to do?"

"Maybe. Unfortunately, I don't really care about that at all." I snort. "If anything, I say let them attack. That's just an opportunity to make up for the time they didn't."

"Ahh…" Lucifer smiles. "I see. Rather risky, don't you think? Ophis is their ally, after all."

"True, but I don't think she's going to be part of the invading forces," I respond. "Call it a gut feeling, but why do all of this otherwise? I mean, attacking now would be their best bet if Ophis is with them, right? Nearly everyone is asleep; there isn't as much security."

"That is true…"

"Plus, see how the Beelzebub dude mentioned that Rizevim is interested in me? He just told Diodora to avoid killing me, implying I'm someone of high importance to them." I add. "I don't know what for, but it's possibly under the Amon's commands."

"So even if Ophis is with their forces tomorrow, you're hoping they keep it away from you due to its enormous strength, fearing it accidentally kills you," He hums, seeing my line of thinking. "You're playing a dangerous game here, dear Akane. Are you certain you want to do this?"

Either I put myself in danger like this, or I'm never getting rid of that cowardly trait. So it's not in the sense that I want to, but I have to do this besides it being a high-risk, high-reward move. If I tell Sirzechs about their attack, I'd have to practically tell him about my tech, which is a big no-no. Also, I'd be preparing them so they can contain the chaos when the battle eventually begins.

But the chaos of such magnitude is the perfect smokescreen for me to devour the souls of my enemies. Staying silent about the attack is the best thing I can do if I want to grow more powerful.

"I'm sure," I answer Lucifer. "If things get a little too hard, then I have Excelsis to fall back on."

Though, here's hoping it doesn't come to that. As much as I really want to test it out in actual combat. The Old Satans could already know about it being taken, but I doubt they know that I have it. Hopefully.

Their strange interest in me makes me a little worried.

"I see. Well, it's not as if I can stop you." He says. "Though, I do respect your willingness to throw yourself in peril. If you need any other advice, be sure to ask me. I'll do what I can to help."

"I'll keep it in mind." I stretch my arms, enter the building, and walk to my room. "I think I wasted enough time. I feel tired."

"It has certainly gotten late." He says, his spirit fading away. "Sweet dreams."

…Not having to lower my voice in case someone hears me talking to him feels good. I don't have to look around twice if there are any cameras.

Not being watched all the time is nice.





– Sirzechs –

"Ah, there you are." He smiled, seeing one of his childhood friends enter his office. "Have you found anything regarding Diodora's suspicious energy?"

"No." Ajuka shook his head. "It's not something I've seen before. I'll need more time to decipher it."

That could be a problem. It didn't take a genius to realize that whatever Diodora had done to win his match wasn't ordinary. That power he'd unleashed wasn't his, and as far as Sirzechs knew, he was a full-blooded Astaroth. A premature boost in power like that wasn't their trait.

As a matter of fact, it wasn't the trait of any other pillar devil. Certainly not to that degree. From a low-end high-class devil to ultimate class? Absurd. Nearly ten times more powerful than his base strength.

Sirzechs didn't know where he'd acquired that power from. It made him highly suspicious of Diodora, which was already sad enough as he liked the boy, but he wasn't going to risk anything going wrong in one of the most anticipated and loved festivals in their culture.

If this was just Diodora's attempt at 'cheating' even though it wasn't considered cheating to be given a power like that, then that would've been fine. But the way the boy seemed to be hiding this power seemed very suspicious.

Obviously, hiding a trump card is common play in Rating Game tournaments, but this felt out of the ordinary. Sirzechs was hoping he was just being paranoid, but he had to face it. Diodora could be hiding something big.

It's what Ajuka thought as well.

"So not even you, huh?" Sirzechs frowned. "I've sent a recording of the match to Azazel in case he knows anything, but I've yet to get a response. Have you found anything else?"

"His energy signature disappeared for approximately thirty minutes," Ajuka responded. "I looked for him but found him back in his room as his energy returned. I couldn't trace his steps, so I'm not sure where he went."

"That just makes him look worse." The New Lucifer sighed. "It's bad enough that we're unfamiliar with that energy he used."

And it's not like they could arrest him for questioning. There were no grounds, and a direct approach like that might make him a lot more cautious. His room had nothing incriminating, and his disappearance to wherever he went wasn't enough to warrant anything. They were stuck, incapable of doing anything without any proof of his suspicious behavior.

Ajuka remained quiet for a moment, looking deep in thought, then spoke.

"Those Amon assassins Daigo warned us about." He mentioned. "They had technology that could completely mask one's presence."

Sirzechs paused. He remembered it— a message he'd sent all the four satans about them having highly advanced tech that surpassed theirs, explaining everything that happened in Kuoh, primarily the attack of Kokabiel.

"...You think Diodora is an ally of theirs?" He asked. "But why? And since when?"

But that didn't make sense to him. Why would they be here? And why recruit Diodora, of all people? He had told them that they were human supremacists of some sort, so why get the help of a devil?

More importantly, what could they be offering Diodora? Or rather, were they blackmailing him? It also didn't explain the strange power he had. Something almost divine in nature, but not quite. It was too different from being a god's Divine Authority.

Just what was he planning to do?

"I don't know." Ajuka shook his head. "I need more time to figure things out."

"Hmm…" Sirzechs thought about it for a moment. "I might have an idea."

He wasn't sure it would be of any help at all, admittedly, but it was clear that Ajuka wasn't the only person who needed time. After all, Azazel hadn't responded yet, meaning he was also still looking into it.

Sirzechs had full trust in his childhood friend, Ajuka, who was the most intelligent person he had ever known, but sometimes, it wasn't intelligence that they were missing but knowledge and wisdom.

And who else was more knowledgeable than someone who'd lived during the golden age of the biblical factions?





– Ichiban –

"Wait, we're going first?" Ichiban blinked, looking at Rias in confusion. "Why? I thought the first match today was Sona against Diodora. What gives?"

Waking up to a message from the redheaded devil telling him that was certainly a surprise. He wasn't against this development, of course. He had just been counting on seeing Akane and Sona showing their tactics first.

"No idea." She shrugged as he and the rest of the team made their way to the Coliseum. "I asked my brother about it— it turns out he's just so excited to see me against Sai that he pulled a few strings."

That's certainly an answer he hadn't expected. At most, he thought they'd wanted to shake things up to make them more interesting.

"That's kinda weird." He responded.

"I know, right? He likes to dote on me and prop me up, but this feels like an excuse for something else." Rias agrees. "Though, we can't do anything about it."

"To be fair, it's not like it would change much." Kiba quipped. "Whether we or Sona goes first, what difference does it make?"

"I'd argue I like it better this way," Akeno added.

"Mhm." Koneko agreed. "Rias was too nervous. She looked like she was going to implode."

"I did not." Rias denied.

"Haha, well, you did look very anxious last night." Her Knight said. "Perhaps this is a test from Sirzechs-sama? It certainly was a surprise to all of us."

"Can he even do things like that?" Ichiban asked.

"Why couldn't he? Devils respect strength above all else, and he's the strongest." The redheaded devil answered. "It isn't the first time he or the other satans have pulled something like this. Nobody really cares if it doesn't affect them."

That's fair, I guess. Ichi thought. Different culture. Don't think about it too much.

Ichiban knew it wasn't actually that simple. It wasn't like he cared all that much— Getting a crack at Sairaorg and his team before any other matches excited him. According to Akane, he was the only powerful participant in the tournament besides them.

And Diodora, apparently, after what he did yesterday, but Ichiban had faith in his best friend. She probably already had a workaround for whatever power he showed against Seekvaria. Knowing her, though, she'd knock him out before he could use it.

Like all her other matches, she was very sure that they'd end up against each other in the finals, and even though she loved acting arrogant and self-important, it was for a reason. All the other times she'd acted that way, she didn't let it blind her and make her do something stupid.

It's just how Akane was. What she loved saying and doing were completely different. It always felt kind of scary how calculating she was; sometimes, she knew almost perfectly what was going to happen next.

When asked how, she would just look smug. No verbal answer was needed because Ichiban knew what that face meant.

Though, admittedly, he didn't think this prediction would be any different. That said, Ichi wasn't going to get complacent and arrogant because she'd assured him of his victory. Akane had still made it clear that Sai wasn't weak by any means.

And he certainly wasn't. Even Ddraig warned him that he was hiding his true strength. It was good that Ichiban was saving his Balance Breaker for him. Seeing that nobody knew about its subspecies gave them a great advantage.

"Alright, everyone. Are you ready?" Rias asked as they entered the coliseum. "Just as we planned. Remember, this isn't going to be as easy as the previous matches."

As the team voiced their affirmation, they were teleported into the battleground. Ichiban blinked a few times to adjust his vision, not used to teleportation, and the arena this time wasn't anything complicated.

It was a massive green plain stretching as far as the eye could see. No buildings or forests in sight. It was so open they could see the entire enemy group on the opposite side of the battlefield.

"You've gotta be kidding me…" Rias said, looking very displeased. "All the hours we spent planning went down the drain. Just like that. The universe must be conspiring against me."

"Of all five hundred stages…" Akeno added in exasperation. "It seems we're not allowed to catch a break."

"Wait, what? Hold on, I might be stupid." Ichi said. "Someone explain why this is bad."

"It's too open, and we're at a number's disadvantage." Kiba clarified. "An arena like this makes it practically impossible for us to pick off our enemies individually."

"It's an all-out battle from here," Koneko added, cracking her knuckles. "I like this better."

Akeno giggled at the younger girl's honest view of the situation. Thinking about it a little more, Ichiban realized it was definitely bad for them. Their plan relied on them taking out the enemy when they were alone, and once only Sai was left, they'd all jump him.

Even in the case of them losing a few of their own, what mattered was Rias and Ichiban remaining, as they were the strongest in the team. With them together, it was highly doubtful that Sairaorg could beat them.

Surprisingly, even with their plans instantly crumbling before the battle began, Ichiban wasn't as upset as he thought he'd be.

"Is that right…" Ichiban blinked, looking at the enemy team, then smirking as he rested his golden baseball bat on his shoulder. "You know what? I agree with Koneko. I like it when things are straightforward."

"Of course you do." Rias groaned.

Contrary to their team leader, Sairaorg laughed loudly, finding this situation immensely amusing. Though, why wouldn't he? This worked more to his advantage than theirs.

"What are the odds?!" He grinned. "And here I was, having prepared one hell of a devious plan to take you down."

"Keep dreaming, Sai," Rias smirked, putting on a mask of confidence. She was most definitely nervous. "Whether it's an open or closed space, you don't stand a chance."

"We'll see about that."

As those words left his mouth, he waved his arm, and most of his peerage charged forward, with him and his queen standing behind.

"Kasuga, take out the enemy pawn," Rias ordered him as he activated his Sacred Gear. "We don't want him getting here and promoting."

"Got it. Leave it to me." Ichiban nodded, then rushed forward with Kiba and Koneko as Akeno and Rias mimicked their team and remained back.

His sights landed on the pawn—a masked boy with bright orange hair and golden eyes. As their gazes met, Ichiban heard Ddraig within him grunt with a confused tone. Before he could ask, however, two others stopped him—a knight and a rook.

The knight was a blond boy with a sword in hand, while the rook was a much larger man with a strange-looking body that reminded him of the Thing from the Fantastic Four. Liban and Gandoma, respectively, if he remembered correctly. The former attacked first, lunging forward and thrusting his blade without a word, which Ichiban narrowly avoided as he was surprised by his enemy's speed.

This surprise didn't last long as Sai's rook leaped at him, aiming to crush Ichiban with a single strike. He rolled out of the way and watched as the larger man created a massive crater where he landed, causing a dust cloud to form.

As the knight attacked again, Ichiban saw it coming, tilting his head to avoid another stab before countering with a powerful swing to his head. His baseball bat's bizarre ability to make cash explode whenever he hit someone activated, confusing his enemies.

"W-what the hell?!" The knight mumbled, backing off and holding his head in pain. "What was that?"

"No idea." Ichiban shrugged. "Though, you probably shouldn't have brought your wallet with you."

The blond man blinked a few times, checking his pockets and pulling out a destroyed wallet.

"Are you serious?" Liban frowned in annoyance. "What kind of inconvenient enchantment do you have on your weapon? How does that even help besides being mildly annoying?"

"Like I said, I dunno. My friend gave it to me as a gift." He answered. "And no, I have no idea where she got it from either."

Ichiban felt Gandoma attacking from behind, prompting him to dodge a devastating haymaker aimed at the back of his head. He twirled around and struck the rock-like man with his bat, doing the exact same thing to him as money flew everywhere.

"W-what the— oh come on! Seriously?!" He complained.

"Why the hell does everyone bring their wallets to a Rating Game?" Ichi wondered out loud.

"Boost!"

There! Second boost! He grinned, feeling his power increase before spotting the pawn approaching Rias.

"It's been fun, but I gotta go now." He said, activating his Touki for a split second. "My bad about the wallets."

"Don't let him—"

And that split-second was more than enough to vanish out of their sight next to the pawn called Regulus, who was shocked at Ichiban's immense speed, so much so that he couldn't avoid being kicked in the head and sent back to his side.

"Good work, Kasuga!" Rias praised.

"Sairaorg Bael's Knight and Bishop, Beruka and Misteeta, have been eliminated."

"You too, Kiba! Koneko!"

Alright, we're doing good so far. Ichiban thought, glancing at his other teammates. Unsurprisingly, while managing pretty well, they were struggling. They were still outnumbered. Might have to help out after I'm done with him.

Surprisingly, even after a powerful hit like that, Regulus stood back up, only slightly bruised and still smirking, making Ichiban frown. It wasn't like he'd held back with that kick— that kid was certainly a lot more powerful than he thought.

That 'kid' is Regulus Nemea. Ddraig said with a serious tone. The Golden Lion King himself.

Huh? Ichiban paused. Regulus Nemea… The Nemean Lion? Isn't that the Lion that Heracles fought?

Yes, before he was sealed into a Longinus Sacred Gear. His partner said. But how did he leave his seal? Is it truly him?

They couldn't continue their discussion as the subject of it charged again, this time at Ichiban himself. Ichi stood his ground and prepared for a hard battle, waiting for the longest ten seconds of his life to pass.

Be careful, partner. Ddraig warned. If it really is him, then know that he's holding back.

Got it.

Ichiban gave Sai a quick glance, seeing his confident grin as he watched the battle from where he was, then returned his attention to his opponent. Regulus started by releasing a few demonic blasts from his hand, which Ichi effortlessly avoided while twirling his bat. Once the alleged Golden Lion got close enough, he swiped his right hand at him.

Which Ichi managed to block with his bat. He was surprised at the weight behind such a simple attack but was used to much heavier strikes as he quickly returned the favor, swinging his weapon at Regulus.

As the third boost echoed across the battlefield, he realized that Regulus had been severely holding back because he kept up with Ichiban relatively well, unlike the rest of Sai's peerage. No, it felt like he was being overwhelmed.

Ichiban gritted his teeth as Regulus' attacks broke through his defense— a swipe of his hidden claws tore through his outfit and skin, causing him to bleed. They weren't lethal by any means, but the pain was distracting as he struggled to avoid or block the Lion King's nimble strikes.

"Is that all you can offer, Ichiban Kasuga?" Regulus taunted. "I can't imagine the look on Ddraig's face. You're disappointing."

Ichi ignored his attempt to infuriate him, grunting in pain as he was hit in the face with a powerful punch. But once again, he reminded himself that these attacks were nothing compared to what Saejima was capable of.

He wasn't going to lose here.

Find an opening. He thought to himself, watching and studying his moves mid-battle. He's faster but not stronger.

The fact that a human like him, one of, if not the least, durable race, was able to withstand so many attacks meant that Ichiban needed to wait for a perfect moment to counter. If he was lucky, then a single hit was what he needed to knock him out, as strong as he was.

And the perfect opportunity came once the fourth boost did, making Ichiban smirk.

The first thing he did was activate his Touki once again, then he back-stepped from a right hook, spun around, and used all his might in one swing, landing a direct hit on Regulus' face. The ground beneath them shook and shattered under the might of that attack, which sent him flying to the other side of the battlefield.

Regulus hit the grassy ground and tumbled over to Sai, who was worried as he helped his pawn up. He was bleeding from his head, grunting in pain as he struggled to get back up on his feet, but to Ichi's shock, he wasn't out just yet, even if he was severely damaged. He wasn't the Golden Lion King for nothing, it seemed…

As Sai glared at him for the first time since they'd met, his queen momentarily stopped him from entering the fray. Ichi was too far away from them to hear what they were saying, but whatever it was that Kuisha noted, it didn't convince her king as he approached Ichiban with fire in his eyes.

She sighed and followed him, as did Regulus, prompting Rias and Akeno to step forward next to Ichiban. Once they were close enough, a powerful white aura suddenly enveloped Sairaorg, causing everyone to stop fighting. The surprise made him flinch, but he managed to remain steadfast.

"He can use Touki," Ichiban said.

"What? Are you sure?" Rias asked.

"Absolutely. This is definitely his ki." He nodded.

To make matters worse, he seemed very, very skilled in it. Unlike him, Issei, or Akane, his energy wasn't leaking at all. All of it was contained in his body. Just how long had he been training to be able to do this? He was as old as Rias, wasn't he?

"This might be much closer than we thought," Akeno said. "Rias?"

"Right…" Their leader paused and thought for a moment. "Kasuga, you'll take on Sai while I keep Kuisha off you. Akeno, help Koneko and Kiba, and then all three of you will support me once you finish off the rest of Sai's team."

"Got it."

As Akeno flew away, Kuisha tried to shoot her down, but Rias quickly interrupted her by getting in close and throwing a punch, locking them into battle. Sai glanced at the two before chuckling.

"And here I thought she'd prefer fighting me." He said. "I guess she's not wasting any chances. Smart."

"What's that?" Ichiban raised an eyebrow. "You're saying you'd win if you two fought?"

"Handily." He responded. "I know how strong my cousin is; I know she's been training hard, but while I don't like to brag, she stands no chance. You, on the other hand…"

Sai glanced at Regulus, who nodded before a golden, blinding light surrounded him. Ichiban shielded his eyes from the intense glare, and once he could open them, he saw his opponent now wielding a massive, golden axe, with his pawn nowhere to be seen.

This was more than enough proof that the boy was who Ddraig thought he was— the Nemean Lion, the first labor of Heracles.

"…Well, I don't know what you're hiding. You haven't used your Balance Breaker yet, so you must be really strong," Sairaorg continued, resting the axe on his shoulder. "So let's see what's more powerful: The Red Dragon Emperor against the Golden Lion King.

"When you put it that way—" Ichi smirked back, getting into a combat stance and twirling his bat. "I can't help but feel excited."

"Right?" The devil agreed, gripping his axe tightly.

This is going to be one hell of a fight. Ichiban thought. But I won't lose. I WILL defeat him.

That's the spirit, partner. Ddraig spoke. A mere lion is nothing to the might of a dragon.

He wouldn't fail Rias and the rest of his friends here. He'd made a promise— he would bring victory to his friends no matter what.

And with Akane's dream-like prize on the line, that was a promise he wouldn't break, even if it killed him.





– Akane –

You know, I had a feeling that I could've miscalculated somewhere. The pawn did seem a lot more powerful than he should've been, certainly stronger than the rest of Sai's peerage, barring the queen, but he was also the only pawn in the peerage, meaning he must've used all eight pawns used to recruit him.

But that was it, really. He was a strong guy who seemingly had no other gimmicks. Until, of course, he'd pulled that stupid shit because, apparently, this particular strong guy was a fucking Sacred Gear himself. Somehow, Sairaorg had reincarnated a living Sacred Gear.

Why couldn't I have anticipated this? Because Observe showed nothing out of the ordinary when I used it on him. His race was just 'Nemean Lion,' which rang a bell, and so did his title, but with his stats being just into low-ultimate class, he didn't seem that much of a threat. Ichi could easily take him out after a few boosts.

And I was correct. Ichiban might've worried me a little when he'd started struggling, but with his own Touki in hand, he could easily beat down the kid without activating his Balance Breaker. So, really, I didn't actually miscalculate here.

The only real miscalculation was that I did not see this hilarious yet unbelievably infuriating match switch. I know it's for a good reason, but wow, was I pissed when I heard about it. I think this is what feels like being constantly blueballed without my consent. I know it's going to happen eventually, but fuck me is it frustrating.

For fuck's sake, Life. Stop edging me. I can do that myself just fine. Please and thanks.

Anyway, I digress.

It surprised me when the pawn transformed into an axe, which boosted Sai's power even more than it had been before. At first, I had no idea what it was. Is it some kind of weird transformation exclusive to his kind? No. Of course, it wasn't. It's not that simple.

Nothing will ever be simple, and life will always throw you a curveball in an attempt to ruin everything you're trying to do because it's hilarious to someone for some reason. But you know what's really funny here? It's that even with this unwanted and annoying surprise… it doesn't really matter. It doesn't make a difference. Not one bit.

After all, I had anticipated something going awry. I knew that, as low as it might seem, there was still a chance of something somehow fucking up.

"Even knowing what this is— seeing the disadvantage they're at…" Sona looks at me oddly. "You still think they have a shot at winning?"

You'll need something much stronger to stand a chance against a Balance Breaker Ichiban. Fuck you, life. You're not getting the best of me this time.

Though I did glare at Lucifer, realizing he never warned me about this, but even he was surprised at the turn of events. Apparently, he had never met the Lion King or any of its wielders when it got sealed, so he had no idea.

I forgive him. This time.

"They will win," I respond with a nonchalant shrug. "Unless they intentionally throw the match, Sairaorg and his team are losing."

"How can you be so confident while saying that?" Tsubaki asks.

"Are you watching the match with your eyes closed?" I snort and point at the screen. "Look. Even with Sai's new shiny weapon, he and Ichi are still equally matched."

"Akane, the point is Rias." Sona argues. "She is struggling. Bad."

True to her words, the Abaddon chick was much more powerful than I thought. Not in the raw power sense— she and Rias are pretty equal in that regard. But it's how skilled she is in using her portal magic.

Even with how aggressive the redhead is being, nearly every single attack is reflected back on her. Kuisha's portals have rendered Rias' magic completely useless, as any spell that she casts would simply enter through a portal and exit through another one next to her, hitting her instead.

This ultimately limits Rias to simple physical attacks, but even that isn't entirely foolproof, as Kuisha is still very able to use her portals to redirect the redhead's fists back to her face. However, that's not as consistent as some punches are landing.

The good thing is that Rias is fighting extremely aggressively, making it hard for Kuisha to retaliate properly. As much as I love making fun of her, Rias isn't stupid at all. Even though she's struggling, her plan is clear to me.

Still, this pretty much confirms it. Portal magic is too OP. I definitely need it.

"Rias definitely knows what she's doing," I answer Sona. "I mean, isn't it obvious?"

"Is it?"

"Rias isn't trying to defeat her opponent. As powerful as she is, Kuisha has her beat when it comes to traits. Her portals and Rias' destruction magic are a bad match." I explain. "What she's trying to do is buy time."

"Until her team can assist her in battle. That much is obvious." Sona nods.

"Well, that, but ultimately, she's counting on Ichiban to defeat Sairaorg," I add. "She's buying time and distracting Kuisha because if she and Sai gang up on Ichi, he's kind of fucked."

Even with his Balance Breaker, he'd have a lot of trouble keeping up with those two. The Abaddon girl's portals are a potent support tool because she could literally make Ichiban fight himself as he's too busy trying to hit Sairaorg.

And Ichiban hits like a truck coming at you at Mach speed. His punches hurt. He'd eventually wear himself out and get defeated, leaving Rias totally vulnerable, and Rias knows that very well. She knows that he's her only chance at winning this.

That's all a worst-case scenario, though. Rias has pretty much already won this match. With Koneko and Kiba already being very powerful and able to easily withstand an onslaught from nearly all of Sai's peerage, adding Akeno to the mix makes it unfair.

I lean back on the couch and smirk as Akeno's holy lightning devastates the competition, easily wiping out the rest of Sairaorg's remaining team. And the tides have already turned. Barely a few minutes have passed, too.

"Sairaorg Bael's Rook, Bishop, and Knight have been eliminated."

The remaining two enemies look shocked at the announcement, realizing that they might be out of their depth with this one. With the support of her team, Rias will have no trouble taking out Kuisha now.

Ichi didn't even have to use cape mode.

"So you were saying?" I look at Sona with a smug grin.

Sona blushes and clears her throat.

"I suppose I've been a little paranoid…" She admits.

"A little?" I giggle. "You've been in despair ever since the match started. Never thought you were so cynical."

"It's not cynicism. It's…" She pauses for a moment. "…Realism…?"

Even Tsubaki snorts at her weak response.

"The reality you live in sounds dark and depressing, then." I play along. "Being optimistic doesn't hurt every once in a while. Having faith in your friends is pretty important, you know?"

"Okay, I get it." Sona rolls her eyes, smiling playfully. "We did train very hard the past few months. Perhaps I shouldn't be so pessimistic."

As soon as she says that, we hear Sai speak from the TV screen as he and Ichi stop fighting for a bit. He's even starting to get overwhelmed seeing the constant boosts Ichiban gets during their battle.

"Haha…" He pants, looking a little tired. "Seems we have no other choice, my friend."

"Eh?" Ichiban blinks.

"I wanted to save this for the finals," Sairaorg adds. "But I can't hold back anymore. For the sake of my friends… I won't lose."

My confident smile drops, replaced by a frown, as Sairaorg is suddenly engulfed by a golden pillar of light—similar to how his pawn transformed into an axe, but on a much bigger scale—so big that nearly the entire battlefield is covered by the blinding glow of his Sacred Gear.

Even I have to close my eyes for a moment, feeling anxiety creeping up on me once I see Sairaorg in what I assume is his Balance Breaker. Golden armor covers nearly his entire body, exposing his face and his axe seemingly having vanished.

I can't sense what's going on in there, but from the looks of it, this is bad.

"W-what is this?" Tsubaki mutters in shock. "Is that his Balance Breaker…?"

That's it? Oh, well, it does make sense that he had a Balance Breaker prepared. Unless he's unlocked a level beyond that, it should be fine. I doubt it's anything special compared to Ichiban's broken subspecies.

"Not just any Balance Breaker," Sona claimed, making my blood freeze. "It's a subspecies!"

Oh.

"Fuuuuuck." I hiss.

I don't know why, but it feels like I'm being laughed at. Just when I thought we were safe…

No, wait, this doesn't mean that Ichiban is losing this. This is still within my anticipation— of things going wrong, that is. True, Sairaorg is stronger than I expected him to be, especially with this funny balance breaker, but it's nothing to Ichi. His should still be a lot more powerful.

Cape mode continuously increases his power and has him adapting to all kinds of damage. The more Sai hits him, the tougher Ichiban becomes, and he wouldn't know that. Something like Ichiban's subspecies needs one to knock him out as quickly as possible. Either that or you outlast his stamina, which is a lot easier said than done.

"No, it's still in Ichi's favor," I say calmly after thinking about it. "A nasty surprise for sure, but it's nothing to worry about. He's got this."

Both Sona and Tsubaki look at me pensively, but they say nothing.

It's going to be a little more challenging, but he's still winning this. And on the off chance that he doesn't, it shouldn't matter too much. I don't need Ichi to win the semi-finals, after all. The quest said 'win the tournament'. I just feel more comfortable encountering Rias' team if it comes down to it.

With this, Sai has shown all his cards before facing our team, and I could plan things in advance. After all, the supposed invasion will start before the finals, meaning a lot of opportunities to grow stronger using Devour.

So, either way, realistically, this works in my favor.

…I just kind of don't want to see Ichiban losing.

"So?" Sai says. "What do you think of this?"

"I had a feeling things wouldn't be this easy." Ichiban chuckles nervously at the sight of Sai's golden armor. "But I'm glad that's the case. Tournament wouldn't be so entertaining if the finals were the only exciting part of it."

"Precisely." The Bael devil agrees. "Though, what are you going to do now? Even if you had your balance breaker, I doubt you'd stand a chance against me when I'm like this."

"Oh, don't get ahead of yourself, buddy," Ichi smirks, throwing his bat to the side as a red aura engulfs him. "You're not the only one with that kind of power."

Sai cocks an eyebrow in confusion before flinching and stepping back as Ichiban unleashes his unreasonably powerful cape mode, overwhelming the golden glow of his opponent's armor. It's so powerful that it stops the fight between Kuisha and Rias' peerage, stunning everyone present.

With his gauntlet now replaced by a cape on his shoulders, Ichiban steps forward with confidence. Now it's Sairaorg who looks as excited as he is nervous before he starts to laugh.

"So that's it?! That's why Rias was so confident with you on her team!" He points at Ichiban. "Yes, it makes sense. With someone like you… no wonder that girlfriend of yours was so sure of your victory!"

"And I'm about to prove her right," Ichiban responds as he gets into a combat stance, not even denying the girlfriend claim. Cute.

"I'd love to see you try." Sairaorg mimics him, preparing for battle.

Well, it's now or never. I hope Ichiban knows what he's doing, but when hasn't he when it comes to fighting?





– Sairaorg –

Compared to most pillar devils, Sairaorg had led a dreadful childhood.

He'd been shunned and ridiculed his whole life for something he had no control over. Unlike many others who hailed from the Bael clan, his inability to use the Power of Destruction and his general lack of demonic energy made him a target of harassment and mockery.

Constantly bullied by many, from kids his age to adults, to even his own father. So much so that he had been sent to the countryside to live the rest of his life in misery as his younger half-brother had become the heir to the Bael clan.

Not many could bear such shame, and a boy as young as he had been certainly could not.

Driven to deep depression, Sairaorg had simply given up and decided to lock himself in his room. Days had turned into weeks, and weeks had turned into months. He'd only barely eaten and had never left his bed, stuck in his own bleak thoughts.

Fearing for his well-being, his mother, Misla Bael, had tried everything in her power to make him feel better, but no matter how hard she tried, she just couldn't get him out of his room or his despair.

That was until certain people visited once upon a time.

It was a simple, quick visit solely because Sirzechs had let it slip that Sairaorg existed when Rias was around him, prompting the younger cousin to demand to see him, and whatever Rias wanted, she got handed to her on a golden platter. Sometimes literally.

She was a spoiled little brat who would cry and whine if she didn't get her way. Exactly like most other children of their generation— A type of person who Sai had grown to despise as a boy. They act like they own everything just because they have gotten the luck of the draw. What had made it worse was that, even though she was a Gremory, she had the Power of Destruction.

So when he'd heard she was visiting, he was already prepared to suffer more bullying by someone who had everything he could've wished for. But that wasn't what happened. Not at all.

Rias may have been one of the most spoiled heiresses he had ever seen, seeing that her brother was the Lucifer Satan, but she was different. She was weird even by devil standards. The first thing she did after hearing where he was was to kick his door open and demand he play with her.

With how timid he was, combined with how forceful she was, Sai didn't stand a chance. And surprisingly, she hadn't mocked him even once. The closest she'd done was to tell him to praise her for being a genius or pretty or whatever else, which never involved kicking him down. In fact, for the first time in what felt like forever, Sairaorg felt happy that he was being treated decently. Was he making a friend at last? That was what Rias made it seem like, as it wasn't the only time she had visited.

Her visits had become pretty normal. She saw him twice a week, and each time, their bond would grow stronger. Sai would feel confident and easy in her presence, as he did in his mother's—like the sister he never had.

He felt so comfortable that one day, he poured his heart out to her. His insecurities, fears, the way he felt ashamed of his existence— all of it. Rias heard all of it with an open mind, and as simple as she was, gave him a straightforward answer.

'Why not train?'

At the time, Sairaorg hadn't been very convinced. Training? How was that going to help when he was on the verge of being considered a cripple? His cousin responded by reminding him that every kid their age still trained, with or without a clan trait.

He simply had to train harder than everyone else, which he had. With barely any demonic energy, Sairaorg instead trained his body to its absolute limit. He learned from Senjutsu experts, mastered his Touki, and built his peerage by recruiting those who led similar lives to his. After many years, he challenged his younger brother and reclaimed his position as the Bael Clan heir.

This simple advice to 'train' was all he'd needed to hear. Looking back, Sai felt like a huge moron for not seeing it earlier. To this day, he didn't know what it had been about him that fascinated Rias so much.

Though, as much as I like her— Sai glared at the Red Dragon Emperor as his cape fluttered in the wind. I'm not losing here.

He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt so tense. Even though his journey to get as strong as he was had been filled with many mighty adversaries, this was the first time he'd felt genuinely anxious. Even with his Golden Lion armor, he wasn't sure he'd win.

One might say he should target the actual king instead of the warrior in front of him, but Sai loved a good fight. He wasn't going to waste this chance. Plus, it wouldn't be so fun for the audience now, would it? He wanted to prove to the world that he could do this.

Sairaorg waited, looking for an opening in his opponent's stance before trying anything. The earlier fight had merely been a warm-up— now the real battle began.

Ichiban twitched and charged forward, moving extremely quickly, but Sai could see it— He anticipated the charge and timed his punch perfectly, only for his enemy to vanish and reappear behind him, kicking him in the back of the head.

Plowing a long and deep furrow, Sai didn't even have the chance to recover, as he was thrown to the air by a kick and then sent back down with a slam to the face. Each hit felt worse than anything he had ever felt prior— just what the hell was this Balance Breaker?

Knowing that he didn't have the luxury of suffering any more of those weighty strikes, Sairaorg stopped himself from smashing into the ground, flying forward toward Ichiban and landing a hit in the stomach, making him flinch and gasp in pain.

He responded with a jab to Sairaorg's face, who endured the pain with a grunt and struck back with equal strength, causing a shockwave to split the ground beneath them. Each hit from either combatant would shake the entire dimension, tearing the earth apart like it was nothing but cardboard.

And the two were evenly matched. Fist for fist, blow for blow, they were locked in a slugfest as they flew all around the area at speeds barely anyone could keep up with. There was no holding back on either side— Sairaorg used everything he had to keep his foe on the back foot.

But that was a lot easier said than done as Ichiban evaded one of his blows, spinning around and kicking him in the head before grabbing him by the leg, pulling him back, and slamming his fist into Sai's exposed face.

Sairaorg gasped and recovered as quickly as he could to avoid another devastating punch by catching it, answering with a golden blast of demonic energy that sent Ichiban to the ground, burying him beneath the earth.

"Rias Gremory's Knight, Yuuto Kiba, has been eliminated."

Good job, Kuisha. Sai smiled.

Obviously, even with the knight out, this wasn't over yet. Ichiban returned as quickly as he had been knocked down, soaring toward him with a roar. Red and gold auras fought for dominance as they clashed with their forearms, obliterating more of the arena as their battle only kept getting more and more destructive.

"This is incredible!" Sairaorg laughed joyously. "I never thought I'd encounter anyone like you, Kasuga."

"You're not so bad yourself," Ichiban replied. "You're the first person that's managed to keep up with me like this."

"High praise coming from the Red Dragon Emperor." He said, finding an opening. "But even against someone as strong as you, I won't lose."

Sairaorg dragged his opponent's arm down with deft movements before following up with an uppercut. He then grabbed Ichiban by the cape, flew down, and spun him around, smashing him into the earth several times before throwing him as hard as possible.

Sai went after him just as quickly, delivering a flurry of fast but heavy blows as Ichiban struggled to defend himself properly until his back was against the invisible edge of the pocket dimension. With his opponent in such a bad position, this gave Sairaorg an excellent opportunity to wail on him, which he did, hitting him faster and stronger with every punch.

"Rias Gremory's Rook, Koneko Toujou, has been eliminated."

He couldn't defend himself forever. Eventually, his arms would tire out and he'd be left completely vulnerable. With humans lacking the durability other races have, he'd be out cold in—

"ENDURE!"

As soon as that word echoed through the now-annihilated green plains of the arena, Sairaorg managed to land a punch in the face. Still, unlike before, Ichiban was nowhere near as affected as he almost immediately responded with his strike, sending Sai away and giving himself some breathing room.

What was that? Sai wiped off the blood from his mouth, glaring at Ichiban. Did it say 'endure'? Since when could it—

He wasn't given a moment to consider what he had just heard and seen before his opponent was charging again. Sai could barely block a kick, and when he managed to answer with his own strike, Ichiban was hardly damaged as he didn't bother to defend or evade.

"What—?!"

His shock was interrupted by a headbutt that made him black out for less than a second, eliciting a pained gasp from him as each time Ichiban hit him, each time it felt more painful. Sairaorg tried to counter, but his foe simply vanished in a burst of amazing speed, elbowing him in the chest.

Each time Sai attempted to hit back, Ichiban would either avoid it or tank it like it was nothing, as every second that passed while they were fighting, it was getting harder for him to do anything.

He's growing as he fights. Sai realized. So, this is his true power? This could be bad. Any longer, and I'll quickly be outmatched.

"Sairaorg Bael's Queen, Kuisha Abaddon, has been eliminated."

Damn it. He thought in frustration. Well, it's do or die.

With a mighty roar, Sai increased the output of his Touki— a secret technique that risked tearing his muscles apart for extra power, but he had no other choice. His strength and speed skyrocketed, more than enough to force Ichiban back on the defensive.

He slammed his opponent down, grabbing him by the head as they collided with the earth below. With Sairaorg on top, he stomped on Ichiban's left arm, hearing sickening cracks followed by a scream of agony.

"ENDURE!"

Ichiban gritted his teeth, but he was powerless and stuck in his place as Sairaorg smashed his opponent's face with his fists repeatedly. Over and over, as each hit expanded the size of the crater they were in.

To his absolute shock, as he bled from his mouth, nose, and every wound on his head, Ichiban toughed it out, using his good arm to block whatever he could. Even though he was just a human…

"I won't lose." He growled behind gritted teeth. "I promised… I promised I'd win!"

With that declaration, Ichiban forced Sai off him, tackling him down and returning the favor. But Sai knew he couldn't let this happen to him, as he knew he wouldn't last very long, so he used his demonic energy to form a blast that launched the Red Dragon Emperor away.

Sai got out of the crater and saw Ichiban deflecting the blast before falling to his knees and panting in exhaustion. This gave him the perfect opportunity to win— with him so vulnerable, one powerful attack was all he needed to land.

From where he was, Sairaorg saw the approaching Rias and Akeno on their way to assist him, so he had to be quick.

For the sake of my friends… He thought, taking a deep breath. And to prove that hard work can overcome any obstacle…

So he got in a position and charged most of his demonic energy into one attack, mixing it with the Golden Lion's power and creating a large, gold magic circle in front of him. This alerted all three enemies as the two girls rushed to the struggling Ichiban's aid.

"I will defeat you, Ichiban Kasuga!" Sairaorg swore. "I WILL win this tournament!"

And with a mighty roar, Sairaorg Bael unleashed his attack— an enormous wave of gold that threatened to destroy the very dimension they were in, tearing apart whatever remained of the arena until all that was left were stones floating above an endless abyss.

Ichiban, disorientated by the sudden destruction around and exhausted beyond belief, couldn't move out of the way and was caught in the attack, engulfed by the powerful energy wave that had the power to wipe out entire human countries— no, it was powerful enough to lethally injure a Satan-class being.

"ENDURE!"

…But to his shock, it wasn't enough.

Deep within the blinding light beam, a dark silhouette rose from the ground, slowly approaching the stunned Sairaorg. He didn't let this distract him as he put more power into the attack but to no avail.

"ENDURE!"

Instead of being slowed down or defeated, Ichiban grew stronger. He closed the distance quicker and quicker until he was just a dozen meters from Sairaorg, at which point the third announcement was made.

"ENDURE!"

And with it, the powerful golden wave of energy dispersed, revealing his opponent at the peak of his power, bruised, burned, and bleeding, but having easily resisted his attack and prepared a finishing blow. The faint visage of a brilliant red dragon accompanying Ichiban's fist could be seen, prompting Sairaorg to smile, accepting his defeat at the hands of a worthy adversary before losing consciousness as Ichiban's attack connected, destroying the rest of the arena as they both fell into the void.



– Akane –

"Sairaorg Bael has been eliminated. The victor is Rias Gremory."

"Yes!" Sona stands up, uncharacteristically excited, as she pumps her fist in celebration. "Well done, Kasuga!"

"This was very close," Tsubaki adds with a relieved sigh.

I can't help but smile at the results as I see Rias jumping in joy and celebrating as she's teleported out. This was too close for comfort— Seeing Sairaorg having a third surprise in that weird Touki power-up he used, a big part of me thought Ichi was going to lose.

But as I thought, my calculations are perfect. The match could get as close as it wanted— Rias still won, and I'm proven right. Nothing feels better than knowing I'm always right and I've never been wrong. Ever.

I guess 'encouraging' Ichi with my promise helped a ton. I've never seen him so motivated before. He ate that beam of energy and still fucked Sai up. That was honestly really fucking cool to see. Extra points there.

Though, I did get really worried. Had Ichi been ever-so-slightly weaker, that attack would've probably killed him. I don't know how I'd react if that were to happen, but probably not in a good way. I'm glad he was relatively unharmed, barring a broken arm. With Phenex Tears around, he'll be healed instantly and ready to fight for the invasion.

Nice try, Life. But I won this time. Now here's hoping Diodora and his little friends don't give us as many problems.

Just one more obstacle, Akane. You just proved that perfection can be achieved. Don't fuck up this time.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 149 others
Mirlnir
Sep 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 49: Long Awaited
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Oct 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#827
Edited by: Priapus, UwU, Marethyu


After Rias' match with Sai, we were given a small break, seeing that the fantastic show of Sairaorg vs Ichiban was a bit more explosive than expected, even considering the open arena they got.

I think it's because they damaged the dimension during their fight, so they're taking some time to fix it, which does make sense. Ten minutes to fix a whole dimension, even that tiny, is pretty impressive. It's not even like they have a power that's purely designed to create dimensions, like my dungeon skill.

Despite the feeling of being edged, a twenty-minute intermission between Rias' match and ours isn't all that bad. It's just enough time to build up the anticipation for our own game since I don't plan to finish off Diodora instantly.

I have to wonder what the Old Satans would do if I knocked him out before he got a chance to use the snake's power.

This break gives me a chance to explore. I found a small cafe earlier this morning, and they have things I never thought existed. Tea made from the leaves of trees found in Elysium? I'd be insane not to try that.

Speaking of Elysium and drinks…

"Sorry, a bit unrelated, but I have a question," I tell Sona after sipping from my tea. It tastes like caramel, mango, cherry, and coffee. It's an odd mix, but I like it. "Does ambrosia exist? And I'm not talking about the dessert. The actual thing. Food of the gods."

"It does." Sona nods, holding a cup of regular black coffee. Boring. "And it's no different than what it does in the stories."

"So it can turn you immortal," I mutter. Interesting. "How does that work?"

"Well, it's not true immortality. It only makes you stop aging once you reach your prime and de-age you back if you're past it. It heals all wounds and grants immunity to natural diseases as well, though I'm not quite sure about that." She explains. "You can still die, however, and it doesn't make you any stronger than you already are."

"Being unable to age is still pretty cool," I point out. "So, how can I get my hands on it?"

"Unless you somehow become part of the Greek pantheon, you can't." Sona immediately shoots down my hopes. "Both Lord Zeus and Lord Hades aren't willing to sell or gift it to anyone besides other highly trusted gods, with a contract saying not to give it to a mortal under any circumstance unless they were given permission."

"Because gods are naturally ageless?" I guess.

"Correct. Meaning it doesn't affect them." She confirms. "To them, Ambrosia is a glorified fruit punch. To anyone else? A treasure to die for."

"Hmm…" I don't hide my disappointment with that hum. "And how does one become part of that pantheon?"

"As far as I'm aware, marrying into it is your only chance." Sona shrugs. "Though, from what I've heard of them, not even Ambrosia is worth the trouble."

No doubt about that. I'm not marrying into their fucked up family of petty losers and gross perverts for something I can steal anyway. Or replicate. I'm not even twenty years old yet— I can figure out a way to achieve immortality in a few years if I really want to.

But for now, it's not a priority. Maybe once I feel comfortable pouring all my resources into it as a single project. Right now, I have too much on my plate to worry about something like type 1 immortality.

"I'm going to make a wild guess and say it's Zeus?"

Sona grimaces.

"Thought as much."

"Don't get it twisted; he's nowhere near as bad as the stories say he is. He's just… so childish for a chief god. Annoyingly entitled." Sona sighs. "But the whole thing with him being an unrepentant rapist? That was Lord Loki playing a prank on him by changing every record about the Greek pantheon without anyone noticing."

"Seriously?!" I laugh. "No way that's true!"

"The incident nearly caused a war to break out." She adds with an amused smile. "Though it happened hundreds of years ago, I'm unsure if any of what I said is accurate. It's what Serafall told me."

Damn, a whole war? I mean, I get it. I'd be royally pissed, too, if someone ruined my reputation like that. But a war, huh? I wonder…

"Who do you think would win in a war between the Norse and Greek?" I ask.

"Hmm… It's hard to tell." Sona hums thoughtfully. "Both have tools that can counter each other relatively well, but if I were to guess… I believe the Norse pantheon would barely be able to win, but that mostly depends on Thor keeping Hades distracted."

"Why not Odin?" I raise a brow. "Isn't Hades one of the most powerful beings in the universe? I'd imagine the All-Father himself would do better."

"Thor is stronger than Lord Odin." Sona corrects me. "Much stronger. He's the only one who could match Hades head-on."

Interesting. So, not counting the strongest in each pantheon, Sona implies that the Norse pantheon edges out by a fraction. This is good information to keep in mind. Obviously, She could be wrong, but she's still much more informed than most, so I'll take her word for it.

But for Thor to be stronger than Odin and equal to Hades… How strong is he?

"We should start moving," Sona says after checking the time on her watch. "Our match is about to begin. Speaking of, what's the plan? Any suggestions?"

"Same as always," I say. "I'll knock him out as soon as the match starts."

"Akane…" She frowns.

"I'm kidding." I roll my eyes. "Obviously, I won't do that, but I'm going to force him to use that weird power immediately. That way, he doesn't get to save it."

"Alright." She nods. "Though, please be careful. I don't want to see you get hurt."

"Aw, Sona~" I link our arms together and lean on her. "I didn't know you were worried about me so much."

"Stop that." She says with a blush, not stopping me. "I just don't want to see you get hurt the way Seekvaria was. Humans aren't as resilient as devils."

"Oh, come on, I'm not that fragile."

If only she knew what was about to happen. I almost feel bad, but really, it's ultimately a good thing, isn't it? And it's not like I'm going to let harm come to her or any of my friends here. Plus, they can take care of themselves just fine.

I imagine this whole invasion won't even take that long. We have so many heavy hitters here that it's not fair. Besides the four satans, there's still Sairaorg, Ichi, Akiyama, and even my mother. They might need to have Ophis on their side to stand a proper chance.

I'm waiting to eat those words because she might actually fucking show up, but it's okay. I don't care if she does or not. As long as I get to use Devour on at least one person who doesn't die by being glared at too hard, I'll be satisfied.

Maybe my first target should be Diodora himself. This 'Charm' clan trait might come in real handy.





– Diodora –

Watching the enemy team on the opposite side of the Coliseum, he frowned, spotting the human girl now sporting the strange mechanical armor that had been following her around. Her infuriating smirk never left her face despite the crowd's vocally less-than-favorable opinion of her. In fact, her reaction to being booed was to give the middle finger to the crowd, showing zero respect to anyone.

Ever since he'd seen the girl, she had been smugly grinning like she was better than everyone around her. It was aggravating. The way she acted pissed him off, even though he wouldn't show it. She was always ending her match as quickly as she could, seemingly ignoring Sitri's orders and doing whatever she wanted.

Who did she think she was? Looking down on them like that. Just because she was the daughter of a yakuza didn't mean anything. She was still a human— the lowest lifeform in existence. Her being powerful and lucky meant nothing.

Which is why he found it very odd that she was apparently a person of interest to the Old Satans. What could they want from an uninteresting human like her? Perhaps she was to be used as leverage against the Tojo Clan? That was the only reason he could think of.

If so, were the Tojo Clan really that dangerous? He knew they had some of the most powerful humans in history, like Taiga Saejima, but surely they couldn't pose a threat to someone like the son of Lucifer, right?

Well, whatever it was, Diodora didn't care. He'd simply do his job and signal for the attack. Using the snake to put the bitch in her place sounded tempting, though. After all, they said they needed her alive, not unharmed. So perhaps he could thrash her around and not get in trouble for it.

She could be as strong as she wanted to, wear whatever armor she wanted— she stood no chance against him with Ophis' blessing. He would do the audience a favor by breaking her cute little robot armor and her spirit.

And when that was done, it'd be pretty easy to slip by the enemy in the chaos and get to the blond nun. He couldn't get her in Italy the first time because of the Grigori beating him to it, but this time, nobody would stop him. Considering her Twilight Healing, she'd be an excellent addition to his collection.

As the two teams were teleported into the newly fixed arena — at the top of a tower in a dark medieval fortress from what he could tell — Diodora quickly ordered his dolls to scatter, attempting to surround Sitri's team and overwhelm them. He knew that wouldn't work— his peerage was nowhere strong enough to do that, but he couldn't act too suspicious now.

Unfortunately, though, as soon as they moved, all of them were suddenly turned into ice statues by a wave of frost magic. All of them except Diodora himself, who flinched at the surprising display of power, spotting Akane Amamiya on the opposite side of the tower.

"All of Diodora Astaroth's peerage has been eliminated."

Shit. He grimaced.

"Yo." She greeted with her infuriating smirk. At his surprised look, she rolled her eyes. "Come on, you can't say you didn't expect me to do the exact same thing I did in my last two matches."

"C-considering how annoyed the audience seems to be with you," Diodora cleared his throat and took a step back. "I expected you'd want to give them at least a show to make up for it."

"Please, they can cry and complain all they want." She snorted. "I didn't come here to play around. I came here to win. And winning is what I'm good at."

So arrogant. Diodora seethed inwardly. She needs to be taught a lesson.

Which he'd be happy to deliver if not for the fact that he was beginning to realize what kind of monster he was up against. Seeing her win those matches with ease was one thing, but now that she wasn't hiding her energy anymore, what he sensed was another story entirely.

Why did her magic feel so heavy? The attack that had wiped out his entire peerage felt like something from a Satan-class combatant. No wonder she'd effortlessly won all her matches. This was absurd.

"Besides, everyone knows it's the finals that really matters." She added. "The other matches are like the appetizers before the main course."

I'm an appetizer to her? Diodora's eye twitched. The nerve of this human.

"Agree to disagree." Diodora struggled to keep being polite, fists behind him clenching. "So, why haven't you decided to freeze me with my peerage? Or is this all you wanted to say to me?"

"Don't play coy with me. It makes you look an idiot." She continued with her insults. "Use that little power-up you nearly killed Seekvaria with."

"What power up?" He tilted his head, feigning confusion. "I'm afraid I—"

Diodora couldn't even finish that sentence before Akane vanished and reappeared before him, mere inches away. He flinched and expected to be knocked out right there, but instead, she whispered very quietly in his ears.

"Ophis' blessing. Use it." She said, making his eyes widen in shock. Her following sentence made his blood run cold. "Go on. Call your friends here already."

He'd caught the grin on her face before he did just that, but unlike before, where it had been playful and cocky, this time, it was knowing and sinister. Diodora had no time to question how or why, and so he did as he was told, feeling the snake's energy coursing through his veins.

The explosive energy of the ouroboros dragon pushed her off him, no doubt surprising the human girl as pure power crackled and sparked around Diodora. The dark mark of infinity shimmered on the back of his hand as snake-like markings covered his face.

The signal had been given, now the course of the invasion was out of his hands. His ties to the New Satans were practically over anyway, so while waiting for his allies to make their appearance he might as well do whatever he could to teach the bitch in front of him a proper lesson in respecting her betters.

And with an endless pool of magic to draw power from, this should be easy.

"I've suffered your insolence long enough, human." He growled, dropping his gentlemanly persona. "I'll show you what happens when you—"

He couldn't even get that sentence out before Akane smashed her armored fist into his face, launching him off the tower. The surprise attack was much more painful than he had expected, preventing him from countering in time as the human girl slammed him with a massive ice hammer, sending him to the ground.

Diodora gasped, blood seeping from his mouth and head. As he tried to make it out of the crater he was in, he glared at the smirking Akane in the sky with a mixture of anger, shock, and genuine fear. He had no idea what was happening— how could she even do that?

"Surprised?" She asked, floating down toward him.

"H-how…?" He growled. "How are you so—"

"Strong? Because I'm just better than you in every way imaginable." She said, still maintaining her arrogance. "I mean, come on, take your head out of your ass for a minute and look at yourself! You're at the bottom rung of high class, and your peerage is so weak they can probably be killed with normal guns. Honestly, it makes me almost feel bad for you."

Diodora clicked his tongue and tried to use his clan trait to hypnotize his enemy by making eye contact, but to no avail, as Akane simply chuckled, opened the palm of her right hand, and released a plasma shot at his face. The Astaroth devil held his broken and burnt nose in pain before quickly releasing a powerful omnidirectional demonic blast, which she evaded by backing off.

This gave him just enough time to get back on his feet, gathering more of his energy before charging at Akane with a snarl. With unlimited energy, there was no worry about running out of mana or getting tired, meaning there was no reason to hold anything back.

He went on the offensive, throwing demonic blasts constantly and everywhere as he tried to catch up to the human girl, who laughed and effortlessly danced around his attacks, not getting hit even once.

The reckless usage of this power meant that the entire fortress was annihilated in seconds, as explosive, demonic energy scattered all around the pocket dimension, but not like it mattered. If anything, it meant that he might've hit one of Sitri's peerage members, which was good enough for him.

What wasn't good enough, however, was the fact that he couldn't land a single attack. Every blast and wave was either swiftly evaded or blocked with her ice. Seeing this angered Diodora— how was she able to do this? How could a human like her be so powerful?!

"Stop dodging, you coward!" He roared as she avoided another punch, backing off slightly.

Akane's smirk widened, showing that she was enjoying this very much.

"Okay~" She complied, crossing her arms.

Ticked off by her not taking him seriously, Diodora launched another full-power blast, and to his shock, instead of dodging, she simply smacked it away with her arm without any struggle, showing the massive difference in power.

"See? I'm just better." She reiterated, her one visible eye shining with a dangerous glint. "But if that wasn't enough to convince you…"

Like before, Akane opened her palm, and this time, Diodora was shot with a much larger beam that almost fried him whole as it sent him crashing into and through a few walls. He eventually got back on his feet as he reached the edge of the dimension, growling at the human girl who approached him slowly.

But then Akane paused, raising a brow at him.

"You… You human bitch!" He screamed, not giving her a chance to speak. "I swear to Lucifer I will—"

"Diodora."

He froze at the familiar voice, turning around to see Shalba Beelzebub looking down at him with a judging expression. With his superior present, nearly all the rage he had felt toward the human girl was replaced by anxiety and dread.

Why was he here? And alone? According to him, Shalba would initially head directly towards Ajuka, defeat him, and reclaim the title of Beelzebub. The yakuza girl couldn't be so important as to change their entire plan, right?

"L-Lord Beelzebub, sir." He said. "You're here. Then that means that the attack—"

"We are currently invading Lucifaad, yes." He confirmed, glancing at the human girl. "So that's her, hmm?"

"Yes, but I assure you I can defeat her myself." He promised. "If you'd let me just—"

"What? Why would you need to do that?" Shalba cocked an eyebrow. "You already did your job. Getting the girl was never one of your orders."

"A-ah…" Diodora composed himself. "Right, of course."

"Your display in battle was rather pathetic, however." He added, making Diodora flinch. "I'd understand if you couldn't defeat her in your normal state, but to be so thoroughly beaten even with Ophis' snake?"

"I-I…"

"I don't want to hear excuses. They only make you look worse." Shalba cut him off. "Leave. I'll handle this."

As he said this, a dark portal next to Diodora made him swallow dryly.

"Yes, sir."

With that, Diodora glared at the human girl one last time, going through the portal and ending up in the middle of Luucifad. True to Shalba's words, the city was under attack by thousands of Old Satan devils as well as…

Robots? Of a kind he had never seen before, holding energy guns that held considerable power as they tore through even High-class devils' defenses. From where had they acquired such technology? Was it from the same people who'd supplied them with those energy-masking chips?

Watching as the other tournament participants, winners, and losers, protected and evacuated the civilians, he'd decided to lay low and look for the blond nun, deactivating the snake's power.

He wasn't sure if everyone was aware of his affiliation with the Old Satans yet, but he'd rather be safe than sorry.




– Akane –

And here it is—at last, no more edging. A little sad that Diodora got away before I devoured his soul, but oh well. He was nothing at the end of the day, and I doubt Devour would count his funny little power-up since it's not even his in the first place.

I'll admit, though, I did surprise myself with how easily I beat his ass. I expected something of a challenge, but he was just so weak. He got a blessing from Ophis, and he still couldn't even reliably land a hit.

Granted, the boost in power was pretty impressive in a vacuum. Besides the big increase in stats, I checked with Observe and noticed that it also gave him infinite MP, which was huge. Had he faced Sona, he might've given her a little trouble, but me? Well, I had better magic, Touki, and mecha armor that practically nullified everything he tried to do. I had too many advantages for him to pose a threat.

He couldn't utilize that infinite MP because his output was meager compared to mine, like comparing a small glass to an ocean. I was toying with him the entire time, and even considering my low durability, my armor could tank anything he threw at me.

He never stood a chance.

This other dude, though…

He's trouble.

"What's going on?" Sona asks, getting next to me as we stare at Shalba. "Where's Diodora—"

She freezes as she sees the Beelzebub descendant, her face going pale. It's evident that she knows who this dude is, but why wouldn't she? He's one of the Old Satans, after all. Still, I'm the uneducated person in this scenario, so…

"What is he doing here?!" She quickly gets into combat position as the rest of her peerage does the same.

"You know him?" I ask.

"He's a prominent member of the Old Satans." She answers something I already know. "Shalba Beelzebub."

Name: Shalba Beelzebub

Title: Fifth King of Flies

HP - 500,000

MP - 640,000

SP - 200,000

Race - Pure-blooded Devil

LVL - 621

STR - 4402

END - 4221

DEX - 3245

INT - 2530

WIS - 2120

CHA - 1940

LUK - 100

Much weaker than Kokabiel but more than twice as strong as Ophis-empowered Diodora. I only have him beat in the mental stats, charisma, and luck. All his physical stats are higher than mine, but that's about it, so it still doesn't change the fact that beating him, even by myself, is very doable.

"What is he doing here?" Sona wonders out loud as he walks toward us slowly. "What did he do to Diodora?"

"He opened up a portal for him," I answer. "Heard them talking about an invasion?"

"An invasion?!" Sona exclaims in horror. "That can't be! In the middle of the festival?!"

"Implies that Diodora was in on it, but we'll talk about this later," I respond calmly. "Focus on the enemy. We'll take him out and get our answers from him."

Because I'm really questioning how we've not been pulled out of the dimension yet, but I'm going to make a wild guess that it's that guy's doing. How? I don't know. I didn't even know you could hijack dimensions like this.

Whatever he and his group did made it so nobody could interfere, but I imagine this won't last forever. After all, Ajuka is present, and everyone keeps telling me that he is the most intelligent magician of the current age. I think they know that, too.

So if he wants to kidnap me, he's going to have to do it quickly. Unfortunately for him, I won't make it easy.

As I conjure up an ice sword in my hand, I stare down Shalba, who stops once he is within close enough distance. But instead of immediately attacking, he speaks first, mainly referring to me.

"Akane Amamiya." He starts. "Put your weapons down and come with me, and I promise I will bring you no harm. An ally of mine wishes to speak to you."

"Eh?" Sona blinks in confusion.

"Oh really?" I scoff, remaining cool and collected. "Is that why you're invading Luucifad?"

"My request to you is in no way related to that," Shalba responds. "You attending this tournament came as a surprise to us as well."

"How is she in any way important to the Old Satans?" Sona asks, getting in front of me. "She's a human."

Aw, look at her trying to defend me. Cute.

"Important to us? You misunderstand me. Personally, I see no worth in her." He shakes his head. Damn, okay. "As I said, my ally is interested in her, you see."

Pretty much confirms my suspicions. They are working with the Amon clan. Humans who want me specifically? They're the only faction I can think of. However, it does make me curious about one thing. Last night, didn't he say that Rizevim would be interested in my participation?

Could he be lying here, or is there something I'm missing?

"And this 'ally' of yours couldn't show up themselves why?" I ask, feigning ignorance. "Bit rude to ask someone from a different faction to be a messenger, yes?"

"What a coincidence. I thought the same." He says with a smile. "Alas, orders are orders, and I'm loyal to the true descendant of Lucifer."

So Rizevim wants me so he can give me to the Amon? That's the logical conclusion, but the way he's phrasing his answers, plus what he said last night, feels like the son of Lucifer himself wants something from me.

"If you come quietly, and if they do not put up a fight, I promise I'll send your friends back to their homes unharmed," Shalba adds. "After all, I do not wish to hurt my own kind."

"And if I say no?"

"Then I'm afraid I'll have to drag you by force." He shrugs, taking a step forward.

"Oh yeah?" I smirk. "Try me~"

As Sona, me, and the rest of the girls prepare for battle, Shalba narrows his eyes as what looks like black smoke begins to form all over the dimension. I'm confused for a little while, and this confusion continues until this 'smoke' heads toward us.

Only then do I realize it's not smoke but swarms of millions and millions of gross insects, making me flinch and quickly cast a dome of ice around us before shuddering in disgust. You must be kidding me…

"Ew ew ew!" Ruruko shares that disgust with me. "I think I saw a cockroach there!"

Oh, hell no. He's the king of Flies. Of course, Beelzebubs have control over bugs. I completely forgot about that.

"Please say you're joking." I almost beg her. "Oh, god, of all things, this gotta be the worst fucking clan trait."

Seriously, why can't it be spiders or something? At least those are somewhat cute in some bizarre way. No, instead, I'm dealing with the most disgusting and unsanitary lifeforms in this entire universe. And mosquitos. I hate them, too.

The only good bug is a dead one.

…But also bumble bees and silk moths. Those are kind of cute.

"Agreed." Tsubaki nods. "I'd rather fight Sirzechs-sama with my arms tied behind my back than deal with this."

"Seriously?!" Sona looks at us in shock and exasperation. "We're being invaded, and THAT is what worries you most?!"

Before any of the other girls could quip, hundreds of insects dig up from beneath us, causing me to freeze the ground solid immediately. I don't know how dangerous this power of his truly is, but if he's creating these bugs, then they're no joke.

"Girls, get close to me," I order, and everyone obeys.

With one touch, I cast thick ice armor around every one of them, leaving no crevice exposed. At the same time, I create over a hundred ice troops wielding an ice flamethrower. A frostthrower one could say.

"Focus on fire magic and cover us," Sona says. "Beelzebub bugs may be constructs similar to golems, but they're still weak to fire. Akane and I will take care of Shalba."

"Yes, ma'am!" The girls respond.

"If your armor starts breaking apart, touch one of my ice soldiers," I add. "They'll turn into new armor for you to wear."

As I see some of the bugs breaking through the dome and frozen ground, I put on my mechanical helmet, then clench my fist, making the ice dome above us explode and freeze everything outside. Then, alongside Sona, we rush Shalba, who doesn't seem surprised at our resistance.

Since we're a little wary of him, we keep our distance, bombarding him with ice and water spells as he tries to overwhelm us with his disgusting bug magic. These pests try to dig through my armor, but the barriers I installed occasionally release a pulse of magic that pushes them away, making it impossible for them to do any lasting damage.

Whenever the bugs chew deep enough into Sona's ice armor, I simply pat her on the back and recast the spell, repairing said armor instantly. It seems that he's using his insects as a damage-over-time type of deal. There is no doubt that without any armor, we would've gotten consumed or poisoned damn near instantly.

But with our defensive capabilities, we perfectly counter the bastard's awful clan trait.

Honestly, his very existence, and by extension, the Beelzebubs', is an affront to everything good and holy in this godforsaken universe. How could anyone allow something like that to exist and thrive?

Personally, had I been Lucifer, I would've wiped them out and started over. Maybe give them Arachnid control instead. This reminds me to ask him what the fuck he was thinking when he made that shit trait.

As our battle takes to the skies, it becomes clear that while Shalba is stronger than either of us individually, our combined might make it hard for him to actually do any damage. Granted, we're also having trouble landing any hits as he's more agile, so it's a stalemate.

But if it's speed that I need, then I can simply use Touki for a split-second and catch him off-guard. I need to get close enough for this to work. Otherwise, he'd see it coming. The problem is that he's keeping his distance and trying to outlast us.

Unfortunately for him, I have one more trick up my sleeve.

I cast more and more ice spells and plasma blasts from the palms of my armor's gauntlets, overwhelming his bugs through explosive projectiles that take out hundreds of thousands of them. Bombs, missiles— you name it. Regular ice spells won't do, so focusing on AOE should do for now.

I continue looking for an opening, sharpening my focus while trying to keep the bugs off me. Thankfully, catching on to what I'm trying to do, Sona responds to my need by casting a colossal water dragon that consumes and destroys all the bugs in its path, forcing Shalba to move out of the way.

I smirk, take out my mother's holy revolver, and pull out the trigger. The tiny silver bullets that are loaded in it utterly tear through all of Shalba's defenses, shocking him greatly. Out of the four bullets, only one of them hit their target in the thigh, making him cry out in pain and giving me ample opportunity to use Touki.

I get close enough and slash him across the chest with an ice sword, but he quickly regains his composure and doesn't let me land another hit, grabbing my arm and releasing a regular demonic blast at my stomach.

Thankfully, the armor does protect me from most of the damage, and this distracts him enough for Sona to strike him from behind using sharp knives made of water. Shalba responds by spinning around and kicking her, throwing her to the ground and cracking her ice armor.

As he tries to order his bugs to attack Sona, it's my turn to attack him, kicking him in the head in an attempt to throw him off balance, which works to my advantage, seeing that his magic requires constant concentration.

He grunts as all the bugs in the dimension stop for a moment, helping Sona get out of the way and avoid being eaten to death by insects. Shalba growls and tries to punch me, and with the difference in speed, it's much harder to avoid.

So, instead, I let him hit me in the chest before I hold onto his arm, freezing it completely. He tries to destroy the ice with his demonic energy, but because of how strong it is, it takes him considerably longer than he expects, making him wide open for me to wail on.

But he's not entirely defenseless as he manages to respond pretty well considering his current situation, countering with his own punches, kicks, and demonic blasts, and I can tell that, without my armor, they would've hurt a lot.

So much so that my armor has been warning me about its energy levels. From 92% to below 20% merely by being hit a few times? It may not be my most incredible creation, but it's still powerful in its own right.

Instead of blocking, I barely evade one of his punches by weaving after activating Touki for one second. I counter with a solid hook to his side and follow up with a shot of plasma from the palm of my hand, making him grunt and gasp in pain.

To my surprise, even with how painful it was to get your side practically burned off like that, he immediately answers to that with his own hook. A strike so powerful that it goes through the kinetic absorption of the armor and the energy barrier as the visor of my helmet actually cracks, making the energy levels go from 20% to 10% in one hit.

He follows up with a demonic blast, but fortunately, two of my perks activate. One makes everything slow down, while the other shows me a white thread leading to a critical hit. I smirk regardless of the damage I suffered and once again activate Touki.

As he aims his blast at me, I smack his arm away right before he shoots, then conjure up a sword that I plunge deep into his chest, successfully dealing immense damage as he gasps and cries out in pain.

Before I back off for a breather, I freeze both of his legs into the ground and fly away, watching another water dragon three times the size of the previous one hit him directly, followed by several other spells from the rest of Sona's peerage.

I help them out by using most of my MP for a barrage of ice spears, showering the devil with hundreds of spells. All the while, I keep his status page open, eyes widening as I see his stats suddenly increasing at an alarming rate, not unlike Diodora's power-up.

I knew it. He had a snake, too.

Once again, the perk that slows down time activates again as an enhanced demonic blast comes toward me, but I'm too slow to avoid that even with the perk's help, so I use whatever MP I have to cast several shields in front of me.

But the attack tears through them like wet tissues, hitting me square in the chest and sending me to the other side of the pocket dimension. Thankfully, it doesn't fully penetrate the armor and kill me. Unfortunately, it still hits me directly, and it fucking HURTS.

I choke in pain, holding my chest as I fall to the ground, grunting and groaning in pure agony at what feels like getting hit by a flaming battering ram. I struggle to breathe for a few moments before gasping, getting my breathing under control.

"Fuck…" I curse, taking a look at my HP. Half of it is gone. "Shit. Okay, focus…"

I use my only other ki skill and convert some of my stamina to health after taking a deep breath.

Last time I ever felt anything this painful was when I pulled Excelsis. Fuck me…

"Had enough?" Shalba asks, landing in front of me.

I flinch and get back up, growling at him. His stats tell me that I don't stand a chance against him, and neither does everyone else, as the massive wall of bug swarms blocks them off. I can hear and sense them doing their best with their spells to break me out, but with him amped like this…

"You've fought very well. You've surprised me, in fact. But you stand no chance against me when I'm like this." He says. "I'll give you one more chance. Come quietly, and I will not hurt you."

That fear in the back of my mind finally starts acting up, making me put my back against the invisible wall of the dimension. I don't know what to do— my armor is out of power and damaged, and I barely have any other tricks I haven't already used. I've basically lost the fight.

All because of his stupid little power-up. This is bullshit. We were winning handily without it, but now…

I notice the slight trembling in my hand before quickly clenching it. No, I refuse to bow down out of fear. I promised myself I'd never let this control me or make decisions for me.

"Go fuck yourself, you cockroach fucker." I remain defiant, hiding my revolver behind me.

Shalba sighs, but before he can do anything else, the dimension suddenly shakes, and in the next second, it starts to unravel itself, showing us the coliseum of the real world, giving me hope that we might be out of this.

I just have to slip away, take a few souls, and then gut him in round two.

Once the dimension shatters, I stomp on the ground, cast a huge ice wall with whatever MP has already regenerated, and fly away as fast as I can, but Shalba seemingly knew what I was planning and got in front of me, grabbing me by the arm and clicking on what looks like a detonator button.

I don't get a chance to process what happens before a bright light blinds me, and once I readjust my vision by blinking a few times, I see that we're not in the coliseum or the Rating Game arena, and instead, in some strange dimension with pitch-black skies and pure white floor stretching as far as the eye can see.

I push Shalba off me and get in combat position again, not knowing where we are but understanding that he had 'successfully' kidnapped me. Fuck. Goddamn it.

"I didn't expect them to get through us that quickly." Shalba snorts, smirking at me. "But I'm afraid they're too late."

"What the hell is this place?" I snarl. "Where did you take me?"

"This? A pocket dimension within the gap." He answers, making me freeze. "A creation of our human allies."

"Oh?" Lucifer raises a brow, and honestly? His presence makes me feel a lot better. "Fascinating. To create such a thing is no easy task."

"Marvelous, isn't it?" He says, waving the detonator thing. "Truly, I'm beginning to understand Rizevim's fascination with you lot."

"Bullshit," I call him out. "If this was the dimensional gap, we would've been torn apart."

"Indeed." He agrees. "However, whatever they did, they've somehow managed to stabilize the space in this particular subdimension. Even a fly can exist in this place unharmed. Though, I'm unsure why they told me only to use it when necessary."

As I'm about to ask more, a sudden guttural and earth-shattering howl echoes all around, accompanied by a mind-boggling energy I've never felt before. The very space we're in shakes under that power, nearly tripping me.

"What the hell?!"

"Roar of the Great Dragon of Dreams." He answers. "Hopefully, that's enough to convince you?"

I give Lucifer a quick glance, and he nods.

"That is the Great Red indeed." He confirms before smirking widely. "You're quite lucky, I've noticed."

Lucky?! What the fuck is he talking about?! How am I lucky being here, in a dimension OUTSIDE our fucking universe?! How am I going to escape?! No body would be able to get to me here or break me out! Why would that be…

Wait a minute. Outside the universe, like my dungeons. Which means…

Oh…

Oh.

"And how are we supposed to leave?" I ask, fishing for information. "Are we stuck here forever?"

"Once I press this button, of course." He waves the detonator. "And with that… I shall take my leave. Don't worry; the Amon clan will be here to pick you up."

Shalba presses the button again with a smirk… but nothing happens.

He blinks a few times and presses it again, and again, nothing. Slowly, his face begins to grow paler as he continues pressing the button, prompting me to start laughing loudly. This catches him off guard as he stares at me like I'm a lunatic.

Oh, it's so over for him.

"What's so funny?!" He asks with a scowl.

"You're stuck in here with me, idiot!" I continue laughing. "Holy shit, not even Ichiban is that gullible! Do you trust everyone you meet, you dipshit?!"

"And you think that would end well for you?!" He screams in a mixture of rage and panic as the snake's power explodes. "I'm still more powerful than you are! And with those human vermin breaking their promise… I will break mine as well!"

I can't help but laugh harder at that.

"Enough!" He demands. "Cease your mockery or I swear I will—"

"Oh, you dumbass…" I try to get my breathing under control after that laughing fit. God, my sides hurt. "Didn't you hear me?"

Shalba narrows his eyes as I take off the rest of my armor, leaving myself with the black bodysuit. The armor is too broken to be of any use anyway. It served me well enough, but now? Now it's time for something I've longed to test out.

"Let me say it slowly so you shit-for-brains can understand," I smirk widely, rolling my neck. "I'm not stuck in here with you."

I take Excelsis out of my inventory, immediately exploding with power as the sword engulfs me with dark and demonic mana of the likes Shalba has clearly never seen before. His eyes widen in a mixture of shock and terror as my energy continues soaring by the second.

I take a step forward, grin turning sinister, and point the sheathed blade at him.

"You're stuck in here with me."




– Bonus Scene –

– Euclid –

"Euclid." The leader called out. "Euclid!"

Within the dimly lit research room of the Old Satan's palace, Euclid Lucifuge sighed deeply, feeling the headache coming from a mile away. He didn't know what that man wanted— it hadn't even been that long before he asked him to look for some mythical creature he came up with, and now there wasn't a minute of the day where he wasn't bothered for whatever inane bullshit Rizevim fancied.

It was almost like he was intentionally messing with Euclid, and knowing the guy, that was probably the case. He would've quit his research had Rizevim not sworn by the existence of this mysterious beast. It was NOT worth the trouble or headache.

Euclid was very loyal to Lucifer and, by extension, his son, but by everything unholy, Rizevim was making it insanely hard to stay that way. The man was an absolute genius when it came to it, but he was equally annoying.

"I know you can hear me, young man!"

"No, sir, I still haven't found it." He responded. "Ask again after three hundred years, and I might have a different answer."

"That's not it, though it's sad that you haven't found it yet," Rizevim said, entering the room. "Anyway, have you seen Shalba? I looked for him everywhere, but he disappeared."

Euclid glanced at his leader— far from the full-blooded devil he used to know, for half of his body was now mechanical. The right side of his chest, arm, and eye were all made of dark-colored metal. Although his power hadn't diminished at all, it was rather pitiful to see.

Left in a state so terrible that he couldn't heal after a fierce battle more than a decade ago, he needed help to be rebuilt. Their human allies had created his mechanical body parts, though none of them knew for what reason. The Amon clan was an opportunistic bunch— abandoning the Old Satans was something they all expected to happen.

But it seemed that they still needed them for something. Or rather, Rizevim had somehow charmed them enough for them to save him from certain death. The old coot was still a charismatic one, as insane as he was.

"Did you forget?" Euclid raised a brow. "He said he was going to attack Sirzechs and his band of idiots today."

"Ah, that's right!" Rizevim snapped his fingers. "The gathering festival! Silly me, it had completely slipped my mind!"

Euclid stared silently for a second.

"...He did tell me to relay a message for you." The younger devil added. "The Amamiya girl was apparently participating."

"Was she?!" Rizevim grinned. "What a shame. Had I known, I would've attended the tournament myself, you know?"

Euclid grimaced.

"I don't know if I said it already, but I always found your obsession with the Amamiyas…" He paused, trying to phrase his following sentence politely, then remembered who he was talking to. "Really weird and gross."

"How could I not be obsessed?" His grin widened. "Her father was a great warrior, Euclid. He did this to me, Euclid! Imagine that?! Me, the son of Lucifer himself!"

He pointed at his mechanical part.

"And with that girl being part him, part Amon…" He giggled madly. "I shudder at the thought of the monster she could become. So much potential…"

Creeped out by his obsession with these humans, Euclid tried to change the subject.

"Right, well, that's great and all…" He cleared his throat. "You haven't told me why you're looking for this… beast of apocalypse you keep talking about."

"Ah, that?" Rizevim crossed his arms. "Well, my boy, I suppose I should tell you my true motives."

Now that, Euclid was highly interested in.

"You see, since I was born, I followed my father's example." He started. "His last words to me were to be a creature of chaos. Of malice and evil. To destroy and conquer all who oppose me, for that is why we were made. It is in a devil's very bones. And for a while, I did just that. I killed, violated, destroyed— I became everything my own father was."

The younger devil remained silent but fully understood what his leader was on about. Creatures of evil— that's what devils were. Even though the newest generations were unlike the originals, born with far less evil and chaos, that trait remains dormant and waiting to be awakened.

Lucifer had made them embody everything his father had hated about humanity. Greedy, cruel, violent— evil itself turned into what people now call devils. The bane of all that is good and holy. The enemy of all and the conquerors of the universe.

For someone like Rizevim, a second-generation devil, this trait of evil had always been active, explaining why this man was as insane as he was today. If one were to ask who was the most evil today, Rizevim would always be the first answer.

Naturally, he'd want to use the power of this supposed beast of apocalypse for himself to conquer all realms.

"But then, once upon a time, I thought to myself…" He continued, making Euclid pause. "...Is this who I truly want to be?"

…What?

"This evil, evil man. This terrible destroyer and conqueror!" Rizevim shook his head as tears ran down his one good eye. "Is it truly… who I am?"

"Um—"

"Of course not! I am better than such a selfish, cold-hearted devil!" He proclaimed. "And then an epiphany struck. It made me realize what I truly want to be, and that, my dear Euclid… is a hero."

"A-a hero?"

"Yes." His insane grin returned. "A hero beloved by all. A hero destined to save this world from its inevitable destruction. That is who I'll be."

"A-ah…" Euclid blinked, unsure if he was being serious or if this was one of his jokes. "I see…"

"And you and Shalba shall be my sidekicks." He nodded, looking proud of himself. "We shall save this damned world together."

"Are you being serious right now?" Euclid had to ask. "All this to be a hero?"

"Yes," Rizevim confirmed. "Because you see, my boy…"

Rizevim leaned closer.

"Only I decide when this world gets to be destroyed." He said with a chuckle. "And it will NOT be by the Evies."

Rizevim was an insane as well as an infuriating leader who only ever did whatever he desired that particular day.

But damn if he wasn't a charismatic one.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 144 others
Mirlnir
Oct 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 50: Invasion Part 1
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Oct 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#835
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, UWU




– Sirzechs – Minutes before Sitri Vs. Astaroth –

As the match drew near, the anticipation for the battle in the grand coliseum was palpable. The audience, already seated, was eager for the battle to commence. They were expecting Amamiya to bring a swift end to the match, a prospect that, if realized, would undoubtedly be a disappointment.

Sirzechs was acutely aware of the audience's expectations. They were not here for a one-sided beatdown but for a battle of equals, a spectacle of power and strategy. The character dynamics and strategies during the battles were what truly engaged the audience, as they yearned to witness the pinnacle of the new generation's prowess.

Akane, and by extension, Sona's team, simply wanted to win—nothing more and nothing less. And they did win, but in a way that left the viewers highly disgruntled. Ending matches so quickly wasn't common in Rating Game tournaments. Even when the gap in strength was That was the case for the Championship League at least.

But because it wasn't so common, it made the audience cheer… for the first match. No one had expected it— even with her newfound fame as the Killer of the Warhawk, nobody had thought Akane would be so quick to defeat the enemy king in a matter of minutes.

But then the same thing happened in their second match, and the audience quickly grew less fond of Akane's apparent arrogance and lack of respect for her rivals. Sirzechs understood that well, as he did Akane's intent in her attitude. True, her cockiness may not be a front she put on, as she very truly believed herself to be superior to her competitors, but it served another purpose.

Keeping your cards close to your chest was an elementary tactic implemented by nearly every Rating Game player in their society. After all, you didn't want your enemies to read you and counter you when you faced them. Wild cards should only be revealed when you had no other choice.

However, as previously mentioned, Akane did not care about the audience's opinions of her. Instead of prolonging the match for their enjoyment without showing her hand, she'd end it before the enemy team even had a chance to cast a single spell.

It was a brash way of hiding her trump card. A trump card that she had seemingly decided to use against Diodora.

Sirzechs frowned in thought as he saw the two teams enter the coliseum, spotting the yakuza princess in her white mechanical armor. Naturally, despite her appearance, the crowd booed, to which she responded in a vulgar manner that made Sona, who was next to her, sigh tiredly.

Interesting. Sirzechs thought to himself. So she's using it now?

He had seen that suit of armor following her around like a bodyguard, and at first, he'd thought it was a robot made by the yakuza to keep her safe, just in case. He understood why, of course. He'd do the same for Rias if the roles were reserved.

But wouldn't an actual yakuza be better for the job? Perhaps Goro Majima or someone at that level. Sirzechs knew that Akane's mother was a combatant, but as far as he knew, she had gotten much weaker over the years, no? And wasn't Ichiban her personal bodyguard in the first place?

It made him curious enough to ask Daigo about it, who responded by telling him that it wasn't a bodyguard or a mere robot but a suit of armor made by Akane herself. Sirzechs was fascinated— since when had she been capable of building such intricate machinery by herself?

"Hahaha!" Serafall chortled at the display of disrespect. "Ms. Emo is so fun! She seriously couldn't give a crap!"

Ajuka, as usual, remained dead quiet, watching the combatants intently. Grayfia, on the other hand, couldn't hide her disdain, whispering her disapproval.

"Such insolence. From a mere human…"

Sirzechs resisted a sigh. He loved his wife dearly, but sometimes, she could be a little… old-fashioned.

"Showing some sportsmanship would've been admirable," Sirzechs admitted, briefly glancing at the snoring Falbium. Still napping… "A little respect doesn't hurt anyone."

"Wow, what's that armor she's wearing? It's so cool!" His son exclaimed, excited. "I've never seen anything like it before."

Sirzechs couldn't help but smile at the boy, happy that, regardless of how some of the matches went, he was still enjoying himself. Though, with the previous explosive game of Rias vs. Sairaorg, how couldn't he?

In all his years, it was probably one of the best displays he had seen in the Young Devil Gathering. Ironically enough, the star of the game was a human, which he didn't mind. He was a good friend of Rias', and having powerful friends was still an achievement.

And he was very pleased that his sister had won the match.

"Who do you think is winning this one, Zechs?" Sera asked. "My money's on my sister!"

"Certainly. I believe Sona would be victorious, especially with Ms. Amamiya's help." Sirzechs nodded. "Frankly, I almost regret letting Rias invite Ms. Amamiya to the tournament. It feels unfair to the other competitors."

"The fact that a human can enter at all is baffling." Grayfia voiced her disapproval, glaring at her husband. "I would understand letting other underworld denizens enter, but them?"

"We've been over this, my love," Sirzechs said firmly. "Peace is the only path to a brighter future. That includes humans, angels, and everything else."

This mini-argument between them caused their son to tense. Still, the atmosphere was thankfully saved by Serafall, who threw his wife an annoyed glare before continuing with the earlier conversation.

"To be fair, the other competitors should've trained harder." Serafall shrugged. "I mean, look at Rias and Sona. They've broken through the High-class barrier. They've become Ultimate-class in strength; no Sacred Gear needed."

"That is true. Their growth has been incredible recently." Satan Lucifer agreed. "I do find the current generation's tendency to slack off a little frustrating. I'm glad Rias has started taking her training seriously."

"Exactly!" Serafall nodded with a cheerful smile. "Now, here's hoping Ms. Emo's beating can get Diodora to stop being so lazy."

Sirzechs frowned as he refocused on the match, eyeing Diodora suspiciously. There was still no news about his strange power-up — he had sent video footage to Azazel, but the Grigori leader had yet to respond. Naturally, it would take him a while since the power-up was brief, and it was impossible to sense energy through footage.

But he'd tried to buy as much time as possible, even shuffling the matches so Rias and Sai had a go at it first. However, now that the game was upon them, there wasn't much he could do. The excuse that they needed twenty minutes to fix the dimension worked well enough, but now…

He truly hoped that he was just being paranoid.

A glance at Serafall told him that she was feeling the same way, as her smile dropped, replaced with an equally thoughtful frown as the two teams were teleported to the arena— a medieval fortress at nighttime.

As usual, while the rest of her team dispersed, Akane made the first move, appearing in front of Diodora's team and freezing his peerage. Diodora was visibly frightened at how quickly his team had been taken out, stepping back.

"Yo." Akane greeted with a smirk. "Come on, you can't say you didn't expect me to do the exact same thing I did in my last two matches."

Diodora was very clearly intimidated by the gap in power between them, taking another step back.

"C-considering how annoyed the audience seems to be with you, I expected you'd want to give them at least a show to make up for it." He responded.

"Please, they can cry and complain all they want." She rolled her eyes. "I didn't come here to play around. I came here to win. And winning is what I'm good at."

"Pfft!" Sera giggled. "She's so much fun~!"

"Tsk." Grayfia, however, wasn't as amused.

As the two continued their banter, with Diodora becoming more and more annoyed at Akane's apparent lack of respect for him, Sirzechs suddenly felt his phone vibrate in his pocket, prompting him to pull it out to see a message from Azazel.

He quickly opened it, pausing in a mixture of confusion and dread.

Azazel: How'd he get in contact with Ophis?

Ophis? Sirzechs frowned. The Ouroborus Dragon?

Sirzechs: What do you mean?

Azazel: That's the Power of Infinity. I've only seen it once— during its battle with the original Lucifer, but I'm sure of it.

Azazel: Somehow, your devil boy acquired a piece of its power.

He had no idea what this meant. Diodora, wielding the power of Ophis? But how could this be? And where had he got that power from? When had he encountered the Infinity Dragon, and why didn't he tell anyone?

Sirzechs: Could it be a blessing?

Azazel: Possibly. Ophis may not be a Deus, but it still has its own version of Divine Authority.

As he read this final message, he focused on the match once again, seeing Akane getting very close to her enemy and whispering something to him. None of them could hear what she said, but whatever it was, it made Diodora's power explode again. Just as Azazel suspected, the Astaroth devil now had an infinity mark on the back of his hand as snake-like markings covered his face.

…But even then, surprising all of them, Akane was still effortlessly dominating him. Diodora tried and tried but couldn't reliably land a single hit as the yakuza princess toyed with him, verbally berating him for being weak and destroying his self-esteem to the point where his fear had started to overpower his anger.

It was indeed a spectacle. For once, during this entire tournament, Akane was prolonging the match instead of immediately ending it. But even then, it was a pitiful display. It was too one-sided to be any fun.

Then, all of a sudden, the screens went black. Not just theirs, but every showing of the match simply stopped working, alerting the new Satans as they quickly realized that something was very wrong.

Sirzechs' fears came to pass as a loud explosion hit the stadium, portals being opened all over Lucifaad with hundreds if not thousands of enemy troops invaded the city. Robots, magicians, and devils began an attack, making Satan Lucifer scowl as he understood what was happening.

"Rizevim…!" He growled, feeling his anger bubbling up as he and the rest stood up from their seats. "Grayfia, take Millicas and go to the palace. Do NOT engage unless necessary."

"But—"

"Go." He insisted firmly but gently. "We'll take care of this."

"Father, what's happening?" His son asked with a tense expression.

"It'll be fine, Millicas." He assured him. "Stay with your mother."

He stared at his hesitant wife, but thankfully, she didn't argue and nodded as she took the cowering boy into her arms before walking out of the viewing room.

Only for a sudden rain of mighty holy magic to rain down on them, tearing the building apart like it was paper; thankfully, Falibum reacted quickly enough, creating a large barrier that protected them all.

"W-what?!" Falbium's eyes widened as he struggled to keep his magic up. "What kind of power is—

Then, a strong spear pierced through their defenses before he could finish that sentence. Thankfully, all of them dodged the attack, but the overwhelmingly intense light of the spear began to burn at their skin, prompting Falbium to focus more demonic energy on thick shields surrounding their bodies.

And yet, even that was slowly but surely burning away, as this was no ordinary spear. It was none other than the most powerful holy weapon in the universe.

Sirzechs couldn't believe his eyes as the enemy human pulled the True Longinus off the floor, the back of his hand glowing with the power of the Infinity Dragon. He met their gazes, giving the Satans a confident smirk.

As the spear began glowing, none of the four Satans could've prepared themselves for what happened. They suddenly fell down, their power reserves vanishing in an instant as most of their strength left their bodies.

"What's going on?" Serafall questioned. "I can't move…"

None of them knew the answer to her question. None except Ajuka, that is.

"True Longinus' Truth Idea." He said, glaring at the human, who was looking down at them with a wide smirk. "The miracle worker. But something like this isn't easy to maintain, is it? You're using the snake's power to fuel it."

The stranger blinked in surprise.

"Correct. I suppose there's a reason they call you one of the greatest geniuses in history. To figure it out so quickly." He confirmed. "Though nothing short of Ophis could resist or bypass the Will of God. Not even you, Ajuka. I'm afraid you lost the battle before it even began."

"Why are you doing this?" Sirzechs growled. "Who are you?"

"Does it even matter? You'll die anyway." He snorted. "Ah, whatever. My name is Cao Cao, and I'm only doing my part of the deal."

"What deal?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Cao Cao raised a brow. "The Old Satans, or some of them at least, want you four publicly executed, but they know they couldn't defeat you simultaneously. They'd need armies just to face Sirzechs alone."

"You work for them?" Grayfia asked, holding her son tightly.

"I work with them." He corrected. "If it's any consolation, I'm not a fan of this plan myself. As much as I hate you devils, having to use that disgusting snake… It makes my skin crawl."

"Not disgusting enough to fight us fairly, huh?" Serafall called him out.

"Make no mistake, I'd love to tear you apart by myself, but they were so infuriatingly insistent." He snorted. At Sirzechs' angered scowl, Cao Cao rolled his eyes. "Don't worry; your wife and son will be spared. Well, I don't know about that traitor, but I'm not so heartless as to kill children. I'll make sure no harm comes to him."

Sirzechs had decided that once they were out of this situation, he'd put much more effort into eradicating the Old Satans.

This was the last straw.




– Katerea –

Observing the battle unfold from above one of the tallest buildings in the city, she had to admit Amon's work was very impressive. Although she and the other leaders of the Old Satans faction had worked with them for a little under two decades now, they had never seen that lot involve themselves in big battles like this. Relatively speaking.

The last time she had seen them get personally involved was when Rizevim had decided to challenge Tatsu Amamiya to a 'duel', which had ended horribly for the old bastard. They were impressive then, just as they were impressive now.

However, this time around, they didn't send any of their agents. Instead, they opted to supply them with these 'Nanodroids' they'd recently invented. And while Katerea never liked these stupid tech toys, credit where credit was due. Those things were not a joke.

Given highly advanced weaponry laced with anti-magic tech, they tore through most defensive spells, dealing severe damage to High-class combatants and even injuring the Ultimate-class. What was even better was how they quickly repaired themselves when damaged.

What looked like millions of tiny robots worked together to immediately fix whatever damage they suffered. While this was not absolute, as they could still collapse and break from too much damage, it made putting them down for good that much harder.

And according to the Amon leader, they hadn't even perfected Nanotech yet, which made it all the more terrifying. There was no telling how much more dangerous these things could get. As helpful as they had been, these humans were a massive threat. They couldn't be trusted, though Rizevim probably knew that. As big of a… 'fan' as he was.

But she digressed. These Nanodroids were doing their jobs, and that was all that mattered.

However, getting the troops was one thing. Getting inside Lucifaad and invading it without warning required an entirely different group. After looking around for a solution, Shalba had encountered a recently-formed faction called 'The Khaos Brigade' created by those who followed the example of Kokabiel.

People who were against the growing alliances of other mythologies. Those who thought that peace couldn't and shouldn't be achieved. Humans, devils, fallen angels— every race dissatisfied with the current state of affairs, banding together to, as the name suggested, bring chaos to the world.

When they'd met Cao Cao, who was apparently the wielder of the True Longinus, they'd thought he'd be the leader. Human or not, he had one of the most powerful artifacts in the universe in his possession. Surely, he'd be the one leading such a powerful group, right?

Katerea couldn't have been more wrong, as their true leader was none other than the Ouroboros Dragon itself. Taking the shape of a small girl, it spoke nothing of its goals, adding to the mystery. As far as they were aware, Ophis never got involved with anything, and throughout the years since it had first showed up in the mortal realms, its public appearances could be counted on one hand.

Barely anyone knew what it desired, but Katerea couldn't care any less. When Ophis approached her and a few others, offering its blessings, they'd all accepted with great enthusiasm and without question.

With that, they went from being confident to being sure of their victory. Although she hated to admit it, Katerea didn't think she'd stood a chance against that monster Serafall. But with the snake and the infinite energy it provided? That made things different.

Though, the main reason they'd decided to work with the Khaos Brigade was because of that George boy of theirs. Dimension Lost made infiltrating the city with such massive numbers a straightforward task. The blessings were merely a bonus.

She took her gaze off the battlefield, glancing at the box of holy barriers where the New Satans were, and then clicked her tongue in annoyance. Initially, the plan was for her, Shalba, and Cao Cao to attack the leaders together. Cao Cao would use Truth Idea's miracles to paralyze them while she and Shalba publicly executed them, but everything changed when they learned of the Amamiya girl's involvement.

Tatsu's daughter was of top priority to the Amon, so unless they followed through with their end of the bargain, they wouldn't have any of their support. Seeing the girl's absurd power, either Shalba or Katerea would have to get the girl, and her co-leader had volunteered to do so.

They couldn't begin their execution until he finished the capture, so they were stuck with Cao Cao using his Truth Idea to hold them back.

The fact that he was forced to use the snake… She thought with an annoyed frown. How hard is it to beat a few teenagers, Shalba?

She had no idea what he was doing now that his energy signature had vanished with the girl's, but what was taking him so long? Was he really having so much trouble against her? Despite who her parents might be, she was still a child. Shalba couldn't be losing with the snake.

"Hm?" Katerea blinked and raised a brow, catching a glimpse of something below her. Her eyes widened, not expecting to see her here. "Well, I'll be…"

Fighting through the Nanodroids and Old Satan devils with a very familiar Sacred Gear-wielding freelancer was Rin Amon— or Mizuki Amamiya as she went by these days. They were told about Tatsu's daughter being here, but his wife?

After that incident, Katerea thought she'd more likely try to assassinate the devil leaders. Hell, Katerea was waiting for it to happen. Instead, she was here attending one of their festivals.

"She's here?" She muttered to herself quietly. "I never thought I'd see the day."

This was a surprise. To think she'd see that cowardly, traitorous Amon whore again after more than ten years…

I suppose I could have a little fun myself~ Katerea grinned, spreading her wings before gliding down toward them.

Using some of her demonic magic, Katerea launched a powerful blast of energy at the panicking crowd, which Shun Akiyama intercepted. He deflected it with a kick before it could hit the ground, releasing his gear as gentle flames surrounded him.

In truth, she'd known that that would happen. While she had never met him personally, Akiyama was rather well-known as one of the best wielders of Suzaku. She wouldn't expect less from the likes of him.

But what really interested Katerea was Tatsu's wife, who froze in shock as their eyes met. She loved that look of rage on the traitorous Amon, knowing full well how she felt about the Old Satans for what they'd done to her beloved husband.

"You…" She growled, clenching her fists as the air started to freeze.

"Long time no see, Rin~" Katerea chuckled, floating down to the ground as Akiyama got in front of Tatsu's wife. "Never expected I'd see you in Lucifaad of all places."

At her mocking tone, the former assassin's eyes turned blue, and her hair became white— unimaginable power on the verge of exploding as she barely contained her fury. Even after so long, her powers hadn't gotten any weaker, had they?

The strongest warrior the Amon Clan had ever conceived and one of the most dangerous warriors alive—destructive powers rivaling even that of Transcendent-class combatants. Someone even a madman like Rizevim would think twice before opposing.

All contained within the coward who'd lost her edge after falling in love. From a merciless, unfeeling killer with an impressive body count to a soft housewife. And to think she'd been the only human Katerea had ever respected… It made her feel sick.

Attempting to rush towards Katerea, the enraged Mizuki was quickly stopped by Akiyama, t Though, it pleased the Leviathan descendant to see that she hadn't completely lost her ruthlessness.

"What are you doing, Mizuki-san?" He asked, giving her a quick glance.

"Out of my way, Akiyama." The former assassin demanded. "If she's here, then Rizevim's close by."

"Unfortunately, the old bastard isn't here," Katerea said. "Only Shalba and I. He was never interested in reclaiming the capital."

"Then I'll just have to beat his location out of you," Mizuki said, creating a sword of ice in her hand.

"Now's not the time for that," Akiyama said, putting his arm in front of her.

"It's them." She growled, the floor freezing solid as her magic continued to leak. "The bastards who took Tatsu from me."

"I understand how you might be feeling—"

"Move, Akiyama." She said. "Or I'll make you."

"We don't know where Akane or Asia are." He reasoned, keeping his eyes on Katerea. "They could be in trouble, Mizuki-san."

The mention of her daughter seemed to have calmed her down a little as she paused. And although her yokai heritage hadn't lessened, it appeared that the leaking magic had stopped, making Katerea scoff. And here she thought she'd get to see the legend back in action…

"Let me handle this." He told her. "Remember what you promised."

Mizuki looked at him in concern before nodding, reluctantly backing down, and letting Akiyama face her instead. Although the glare felt like it was directed at Katerea's very soul—with hatred burning in her eyes and killing intent that could knock out those with the strongest of wills—she listened and left.

Katerea didn't know what this 'promise' was about, but it seemed very important if it could calm her down so easily.

Akiyama stepped forward, getting into a combat stance as the flames of Suzaku burned. Katerea wasn't very interested in this human garbage, but she might as well do something until her partner was done with his job.

"I don't know what you think you're doing, human." She started, glaring down at him. "To challenge me so readily? You must have a death wish."

He might've been a possible threat had she not gotten a snake, but with an infinite pool of magic, Katerea could even take on Serafall. What did he think he could possibly do to her? Their battle would end in ten seconds flat.

Akiyama's frown turned upside down at that before he moved, so fast that Katerea suddenly found herself launched in the air as her face erupted in pain. Before she could comprehend what had happened, he kicked her again, sending her further away from where they were.

Katerea quickly regained her balance, struggling to keep an eye on the human bastard as he moved far faster than she'd expected, delivering more kicks to her head and body. Each hit flared, a searing feeling washing over her as each hit left a burn mark.

Even her defensive barriers did nothing to stop this onslaught of superheated kicks, so Katerea did the only thing she could and unleashed the power of infinity, boosting her strength and reflexes enough to allow her to dodge one of his kicks.

She tried responding by blasting his smug face into oblivion, but he was still more than quick enough to avoid her magic, side-stepping and backing off as he chuckled. Katerea glowered in fury, not believing what she was seeing.

How was a mere human this powerful? To match her even with the power of Ophis coursing through her veins…

"I'll make you bleed, human." She promised with a growl.

"You can try." He challenged, his eyes glowing a fiery color.

Once she was done with him, that idiotic magical girl was next.

Assuming Shalba was done by then.





– Mizuki –

To think those bastards would be so bold to attack like this, practically showing themselves to the world.

For decades—ever since she'd been born—they had remained hidden, valuing secrecy and obscurity nearly as much as their own strength. Knowledge was power, so being unknown meant having no weakness. They were a clan of assassins. Killers that chose their targets very carefully.

And nearly every time they took a job, they'd send a single agent for it. No more than two if a target was particularly difficult to take out.

It was drilled into every agent's head to keep their anonymity no matter the cost. On the off chance that an agent was captured or killed, a microscopic bomb attached to their heart would blow up and wipe out an entire country if needed. They'd rather kill their own and possibly millions of innocent people than reveal a name.

The one thing that may contradict this was how they were secret allies with the Old Satans, but those were the exceptions to the rule. For a good reason. Purely because Rizevim had somehow convinced her father to work together temporarily after showing him that Sacred Gear disabler ability.

With that tempting ability as well as Rizevim's silver tongue, the Amon Clan made allies for the first time since their conception. But again, they were the exception to the rule. Nothing more and nothing less.

That was how things had worked under her father's leadership. But that didn't seem to be the case for her twin brother. To create an entire army of these robots meant he was ready— or rather willing to show himself.

She didn't understand why. Jo very much understood how powerful anonymity made them. They had been working in the shadows since their conception— for centuries, a hundred years before the Edo period in Japan.

To throw all of that out of the window for what she assumed was Akane… What was he planning? What did he want from her daughter? She knew her absurd and unnatural level of growth was one of a kind, but to sacrifice what made them powerful in the first place?

And she knew it was them. She was sure of it. Those robots were new, but they shared the same design philosophy as their training bots, only with what looked like nanotechnology, something her father had been trying to figure out for years.

She'd expected a more stealthy approach— perhaps the weakening of the Tojo clan by assassinating the higher-ups until they were sufficiently crippled. But he didn't seem very interested in bringing them down, even though they warranted that response since Tatsu and Kiryu had defeated them in the late eighties.

Instead, they, or rather Jo, never concerned himself with that at all. Granted, he used to be obsessed with defeating the fourth chairman, but ever since the Azure Dragon of Dojima passed away, it was almost like he'd instantly lost all interest.

A move like that almost made him feel like he knew something big. From abandoning his humanity, turning himself into a robot, and embracing the technology fully, then compromising the Amon Clan's anonymity… just what did he know?

What was so frightening that it had completely changed the worldview of one of the most stubborn people she knew?

Mizuki shook her head, avoiding all confrontation by slipping through small cracks and crevices in the tighter streets of the half-ruined Lucifaad, looking for Akane and Asia. Her daughter's signature still came from inside the arena dimension. And that meant that the dimension had been hijacked, meaning none of them could enter it until they took back control.

But Mizuki had faith in Akane. She looked like she was manhandling that Diodora idiot, even with that strange power-up of his, so the first thing she needed to do right now was find Asia. They had been separated in the chaos after the first blast hit the stadium, and with so many energy signatures cluttering her senses, it was hard to pick up on the blond's Sacred Gear.

That was until the battlefield began to clear up a little. Mizuki felt Asia's energy close by, prompting her to double her sprinting efforts. Eventually, she found a glimpse of the blond nun unharmed and simply standing there in Lucifaad's housing district.

"Asia!" She called for her. "Thank goodness you're—!"

Mizuki got a full view of the district, and her eyes widened when she saw Diodora next to her, holding her hand and one of Amon escape devices. As the devil bastard spotted her, he froze, for Mizuki was already above the circle next to them, landing a strong punch to his face that sent him crashing through a house.

The device dropped on the floor, where Mizuki quickly destroyed it before she turned around and grabbed Asia by the shoulder, shaking her gently.

"Asia, are you okay?!" She asked before blinking, noticing that her usual green eyes were now bright pink. "Asia?"

The blond wasn't responding.

She's under a charm spell. Mizuki realized. I just need to—

Mizuki was about to shock her out of the spell by sending a wave of ki through her body, but reacted just in time to push Asia out of harm's way as a blast of demonic energy hit her back, causing her to grunt in pain before turning around to face Diodora.

"You know…" He chuckled, walking out of the rubble, the strange snake-like marking glowing on his face. "I'm very glad that you're here."

Mizuki said nothing.

"I was just lamenting the fact that I couldn't teach you a lesson before I took off with my new toy." He glanced at Asia's motionless body. "But now… Perhaps I'll make you an honorary part of my collection. It was about time I spiced it up a bit."

The implication did not go over her head, but Mizuki was used to threats like these, so she paid it no mind. Instead, she closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath, calming her simmering rage.

Remember what you promised. She reminded herself. This isn't worth it.

Especially seeing how young this one was, barely any older than Akane and Ichiban. Whether he was helping the Amon Clan, part of the Old Satans, or just out for himself… He wasn't guilty of the things that had been done to her.

But if he was here, then what happened to Akane? She thought to herself.

"I don't want to kill you." She said, casting an ice barrier over Asia. "Answer a few of my questions, and I'll pretend we never saw each other."

"Kill me? You?!" Diodora laughed. "Some random old hag? Get over yourself, human. You're in no position to demand anything from me."

"You don't want this, Diodora." She warned him, walking closer.

"Oh, but I'm pretty sure I do~"

With that, he extended both arms and started blasting her with demonic energy, but Mizuki had seen toddlers who were more skilled than him. With minimal movements, she avoided the projectiles by tilting her head or shifting her position, continuing her slow stride towards the Astaroth Devil.

She pointed at his chest and shot it with a tiny ice pellet, surprising him greatly as it forced him back a few steps. He didn't learn his lesson, though, as he kept throwing his magic around very recklessly, for some reason not caring about conserving his energy at all.

So Mizuki shot him again with more pellets, doing her hardest not to overcharge her spells as the unbridled storm of power raged inside her body, demanding to be let out and freeze half of the underworld.

But here was not the place to unleash that storm.

Unfortunately, due to the immense concentration required to keep that power in check, a few blasts of his managed to land, striking her in the shoulder, chest, and head, but she was more than durable enough to withstand such attacks.

And as painful as they were, Mizuki didn't even wince.

She suddenly dashed forward once she closed enough distance, using a little of her ki to enhance the palm strike she landed on his chest. Diodora gasped, forced to step back a few paces before charging at her angrily, swinging his fists around like an amateur.

Although he was clearly much faster and stronger than her, Mizuki was vastly more skilled. She used his inexperience against him, easily predicted his movement, and avoided most of his attacks.

She redirected one of his straight jabs over her shoulder, countering with two quick punches to the jaw before backing away and dodging more of his sloppy punches. With each attack he threw, Mizuki would respond with three lighter punches to the body or head, slowly wearing him down.

Getting annoyed, Diodora tried incorporating his demonic blasts into his close-quarters-combat, but that didn't help him as much as he thought, as Mizuki circled around him and grabbed him by the neck, putting him in a chokehold.

The devil boy coughed and choked, desperately trying to get out of it by elbowing her side a few times, but she didn't budge. Not with her absurd pain tolerance.

Having had enough, Diodora roared and released his energy in every direction, forcing her off of him from the shockwave. His energy burned her skin, but Mizuki wasn't given a chance to worry about that as the devil was already back on his feet and throwing a punch.

One that landed, hitting square in the nose. Mizuki dragged her feet across the stone ground to prevent herself from flying away from the area, knowing the bastard would use any chance to take Asia with him to who knew where.

But surprisingly, it seemed that Diodora was focused solely on her as he landed another punch. And another. Over and over, Mizuki was having a lot of trouble defending herself. He had her on the back foot using his pure speed and power advantage.

Though, that didn't last long, as he left himself full of openings. One which she exploited, weaving under one of his hooks before swiftly stepping behind him and smashing his face into the wall, kicking the back of his knee to break his balance and make him fall, then stomping on his head.

Diodora, however, wasn't so easily put down, and he quickly tried countering by shooting more demonic blasts at her head, which she easily avoided. She didn't avoid the much smaller beam that pierced her chest, though, narrowly avoiding her heart.

The bigger blast was a distraction. Her frown deepened.

Mizuki created an ice shield over her upper body to block more of those smaller beams, but then Diodora charged and threw a kick, which shattered said shield and the windows nearby, sending her deeper into a dark alleyway.

"Now I know why your ice magic felt so familiar." He growled, having cornered her as Mizuki backed up into a wall. "You're related to that other human bitch, aren't you?"

Mizuki said nothing.

"A mother or a sister." He guessed. "Not like I care."

Diodora stepped closer.

"Once I'm done with you…" He hissed angrily. "Oh, I'll have so much fun showing your broken body to that arrogant whore."

Once again, Mizuki said nothing, eyes fixated on Diodora as she created a dagger in her right hand behind her. On the other hand, she created a few throwing knives, which she used as a distraction.

Throwing the knives at Diodora, Mizuki charged forward as he blocked her projectiles. He quickly tried to deal with her by blasting her with magic, but she tapped her foot and froze the ground underneath him, encasing his legs, stabbing them, and destroying his balance.

With him in a vulnerable position, Mizuki slammed him onto the wall and used the dagger to stab his arm, pinning it to said wall. Diodora tried to escape, but then his entire body, barring his head, froze, stopping his movement.

"Are you ready to talk?" She asked coldly.

He panted, clearly exhausted and too injured to continue the fight, but the anger and hatred in his eyes never left.

"You… You think this can stop me?!" He yelled. "I'll show you!"

With another roar, Diodora's energy exploded, shattering the ice that was keeping him in place with ease. He giggled madly as his wild eyes bore deep into Mizuki's cold gaze, clearly ignorant of something that was becoming clear to her.

"I'll parade your broken, filthy body all over the underworld." He swore, walking closer to her while gathering more and more energy in his hand. "Inflict every violation you could imagine."

"Don't try anything stupid." She warned. "Stand down. Now."

The veins in his forehead throbbed, angered further by her demanding response.

"I'll kill you…" He growled. "You will die by my hands!"

As he charged at Mizuki, Diodora suddenly stopped, frozen in his tracks as his eyes widened. Before long, he started coughing violently, vomiting his own blood as he fell to his knees, the strange and almost divine power leaving him.

"W-what…?" He muttered, staring at his bloodied hand. "What's happening…?"

"You're too injured." She explained. "Your body can't handle the power you were using anymore."

"But that's…!" He coughed. "They—they told me it was absolute!"

"There's no such thing as absolute power," Mizuki told him. "Not one without sacrifices. You're paying the price."

Diodora remained silent, trembling and panting heavily as he tried to get his breathing under control.

"If it makes you feel any better," Mizuki said. "You're not going to die from this. You'll be fine as long as you get enough rest. Now tell me everything you know."

Once again, Diodora said nothing, almost as if he wasn't listening to her, making her sigh. With his mana all messed up because of the power-up and his body seriously wounded, he was probably on the verge of passing out anyway.

Kill him.

Mizuki's hand twitched as she stared at the boy, all beaten and pathetic. Maybe she should lend a helping hand and put him out of his misery. It wasn't like it would matter to anyone— he was clearly one of the Old Satans, as young as he was. Nobody cared about him anyway. A weakling like him deserved it.

Kill him now.

She shook her head, getting those thoughts out of her head. No— he was already beaten and defenseless. Killing him now wasn't justifiable in any way. Mizuki had promised herself she'd never kill pointlessly again.

Taking pity on him is a mistake. Kill him.

And this was the definition of a pointless kill. She would never let those disgusting thoughts poison her mind.

Coward. You'll come to regret this soon enough.

Mizuki gave the boy one last glance before making her way out of the alleyway, thankfully still sensing Asia's energy where she had left her—

"I'LL KILL YOU!"

Mizuki quickly turned around as she sensed the attack before his scream, but it was too late. Diodora, having forced that powerup state into activation, lunged at her with an open palm filled with energy, which he blasted point-blank at her stomach, piercing it.

Her eyes twitched at the searing sensation, but that was all the reaction she had as she countered with an ice dagger that she used to stab him upward through the lower jaw, penetrating his brain and puncturing the skull before freezing his entire head off, shattering it to pieces.

Mizuki fell on her rear and pushed Diodora away, coughing up a bit of blood as she could only hear her own breathing and a painful ringing in her ears. She held a hand over the wound, knowing that while it wasn't immediately lethal – to her at least – she'd need to stop the bleeding.

Which wasn't much of an issue for her as she froze the wound using her ice, clumsily getting up on her feet as she stared at Diodora's corpse, the ringing growing louder by the second. Mizuki leaned against the wall, unable to take her eyes off the dead body, hearing someone's laughter.

His laughter.

Horrified and sickened by the enjoyment she felt in killing, Mizuki shut her eyes and covered her mouth, trying to stop the bile from rising up her throat. She did her best to keep her breathing under control, trembling as she tried to silence the giggles of that monster.

"See?" She heard him say. "I told you."

Mizuki said nothing.

"Your own carelessness nearly had you dead." He continued. "Unless… that's what you intended?"

She didn't know what he meant as she slowly opened her eyes, looking at her father grinning at her, blood pouring from the bullet-shaped hole in his forehead. A monster she hoped she'd never see again, even in her own dreams.

"You let him attack because you wanted an excuse to kill him." Sou accused with a chuckle. "To avoid the consequences of breaking your promise. To stay on that moral high ground you so desperately cling on."

"No…" She denied it with a whisper.

"Yes." He insisted. "You want to continue killing, to embrace who you really are… but you also don't want to prove me right that you're nothing but a murderous, sadistic monster looking for her next prey. Just like the rest of us."

"That's not true." Mizuki denied it once again. "I–I don't like this. I changed."

"No, you didn't." Her father said. "You may have found love, had a child, and quit being the killer you once were, but deep down in your core, you're the same. Your priorities may have changed, but you haven't. You could never change."

Mizuki tried to ignore him, tripping up and falling to her knees as she put her hands over her ears, but she could still hear him very clearly, his voice echoing in her mind despite the painful ringing. The ground and buildings slowly froze over as her chaotic magic began breaking the seal down more and more.

"If you truly want to protect your beloved daughter, then you'd let go of these arbitrary moral restraints. You know that, don't you?" She felt his hand over her shoulder. "You'll need to kill for her sake. You've accepted that ever since she was born. You fight to protect her, don't you?"

Mizuki looked down, seeing her distorted reflection on the glass of the shattered window. A much younger version of her— the one that used to go by Rin, staring back at her with the same blank look most Amon agents had.

"So why does it matter if you enjoyed it?"

The soulless, heartless monster she used to be.

"Mrs. Amamiya!"

Mizuki flinched, shaken out of her daze as she quickly whipped her head at the redhead devil— a little injured if her torn clothes and scratches over her face were an indication. Behind her was Asia, who was up and conscious, looking at her in worry, and the Abaddon girl.

The ringing quieted down, and there was no sign of any of her hallucinations. Just her, Diodora's corpse, and the three girls.

"Can you hear me?" Rias asked. "You're hurt."

"I–I'm fine." Mizuki quickly said, standing up. "I'm—"

Mizuki nearly collapsed, underestimating the wound in her stomach. Thankfully, she was caught by the Gremory devil, who lent her a shoulder for support.

Asia approached her and activated her Twilight Healing, the ring on her middle finger glowing green. With no energy to argue, Mizuki let it happen, feeling the hole in her stomach closing up almost immediately, a testament to the blond's skill and experience using her Sacred Gear.

She then melted the ice covering the wound, and after recomposing herself, she addressed them, not wanting to dwell on what she had just experienced. This wasn't the first time it happened, and it certainly won't be the last. Her father's ghost would continue to haunt her until she drew her last breath.

"What's the situation?"

"We're still fighting. My peerage and the rest of Sai's are covering the Eastern and Western fronts, respectively." Rias answered. "Sai himself is taking care of the central part with Kasuga."

"And Akane?"

"They hadn't left the dimension yet," Kuisha said grimly. "And whoever they are, they're preventing me from using my portals to infiltrate."

"The Satans?"

"Take a look for yourself." Rias pointed at Lucifer's palace.

Mizuki looked up, seeing the huge box of holy power encasing a chunk of the castle, seemingly trapping everyone inside it. She didn't know how powerful something like that had to be to hold all the new Satans at the same time, but it was clear that they needed backup.

But how could they call for it? Teleportation circles were very clearly not working if the portals from Kuisha were what was needed to evacuate them—

Mizuki stopped, realizing something crucial.

"You." She looked at Kuisha. "If you're here, then can I assume you've evacuated everyone?"

"Yes." She nodded.

"Can you open portals to other dimensions?"

"I can." She confirmed again.

"Good," Mizuki said. "I have a plan."

And that might be the only thing that could save them.






– Ichiban –

"What the hell are these things?!" He exclaimed as the robot he punched into pieces repaired itself in less than a second. "No matter how hard I hit, they keep coming back like it's nothing!"

And to make matters worse, there were so many of them everywhere. What looked like thousands of these strange plasma rifle-wielding robots were invading the city and shooting indiscriminately. He had no idea where they were coming from.

A little while after he'd woken up from his little nap, it was right before the match between Sona and Diodora had started. So he freshened up, met up with his team, and watched the game together. It was a game he was looking forward to seeing because Akane had finally decided to use the armor she had brought with her.

And for a while, it was as great as he expected. Akane was winning – obviously – but to see that armor in action was awesome. He was so very glad that she'd finally decided to drag out the fight to display her power and skill, even though it was still very one-sided.

Honestly, he didn't know why she never bothered to do that when she loved being smug. Considering Akane, one might expect her to toy with her opponents and humiliate them instead of just beating them instantly in a boring show.

So, seeing her flexing was fun.

That was until the screen suddenly went black.

They weren't given a minute to process what had happened before portals showed up all around Lucifaad, where these robots, devils, and human magicians had come from. Immediately, they'd started just shooting and targeting everyone, from combatants to innocent civilians.

Thankfully, the response to this sudden attack was quick— devils, tournament participants, and every other able combatant began fighting back, prioritizing the safety of those who couldn't fight as they led an evacuation procedure.

But this wasn't so easy. The enemy devils and humans were straightforward to deal with, but these regenerating robots? Well, they were almost impossible to put down for someone with zero magic talent and only the knowledge of how to punch very hard.

Hell, even basic demonic magic was having trouble destroying them. To defeat them successfully, they needed to utterly disintegrate them. Or use something similar to Rias' destruction magic.

Worse yet, they weren't weak either— their plasma rifles and energy swords packed a punch, easily tearing through high-class defenses and rivaling ultimate-class combatants. Just what was going on? Whose robots were they?

What kind of technology were they up against?

As Ichiban relied on dodging more than recklessly blocking literal plasma shots and swords, he was starting to get overwhelmed while he waited for his gauntlet to activate another boost. He was already surrounded by dozens of those robots, trying to do any lasting damage to them, but all he could do was slow them down as each one of his punches would at least blow them to small pieces before they regenerated.

He wasn't sure what to do— he had no spells he could use like most of his allies. He was seriously trying his best to avoid getting killed, not having anything in his arsenal that could help him fight back properly.

As the robots ruthlessly closed the distance, a blast of golden energy tore through some of them like wet tissue, reducing them to nothing. He looked at Sairaorg, one of the few combatants who had no problems taking these robots out.

"Are you okay, Kasuga?" Sai questioned, slashing an incoming enemy devil with his axe, killing them instantly.

"Yeah, thanks for the help." Ichi said, getting next to him. "Where's the rest?"

"Rias and her peerage are covering the east of the city while Kuisha is helping with the evacuations." He answered. "But Sitri and your human friend still haven't got out."

"What?! Are they being attacked, too?!"

"I don't know, but highly likely." He nodded grimly. "Whatever these invaders did, they've somehow hijacked the battlefield dimension. They're stuck in there. No way in or out until we take back control."

Fuck. Ichi clenched his fists tighter in frustration. You've gotta be kidding me.

"Who are these people?" He asked, kicking one of the approaching devil enemies back. "Where did they come from? What do they want?"

"I don't know about the humans and robots, but this is definitely the Old Satans' doing," Sairaorg said. "I never thought they'd get the courage to invade Lucifaad so blatantly."

The Old Satans? Those guys that followed the code of the original Lucifer? If he remembered correctly, they embodied everything they thought a devil should be: Ruthless, heartless conquerors and destroyers.

But that didn't explain where they'd got these robots from. Weren't the Yakuza the only faction capable of producing and distributing such tech? Just where had they found these things? Who was helping them?

Despite the several questions running through his head and his immense worry for Akane, he didn't let it deter him as he focused on the fight.

And so the battle raged on, with Lucifaad's defense force doing relatively well considering the abruptness of this situation. There was a lot of struggling, of course, and many of their allies lost their lives. Thankfully, the civilians seemed to have been safely evacuated with very minimal casualties.

Though, Ichiban was confused— where were the leaders? Shouldn't they be here helping out? Were they being held back by something? As far as everyone told him, the current satans were supposed to be the strongest devils alive. What gives?

That was when Sona's energy signature suddenly appeared in the coliseum.

"Sitri?!" Sairaorg exclaimed, equally shocked. "They're back! That means the dimension was destroyed! But—"

"I can't sense Akane," Ichiban said in horror. "This— this can't be happening."

What happened? Where was she? Was she hurt? Had they somehow defeated her? No, that couldn't be true. Akane was too powerful to be beaten by them. Something else must've happened.

Ichiban had to investigate. Sona probably knew what was going on.

"Wait— Kasuga! Look out!"

As Ichiban tried to make his way to the coliseum, Sairoarg pulled him back by the collar, helping him avoid being stomped on by an enemy robot. His jaw clenched as the smoke cleared, showing a different type of enemy.

Unlike the rest, it was much larger, perhaps three meters tall, holding a giant hammer, and had metal wings protruding from its back. It was clearly a much stronger variant, and with how it pointed its hammer at him, he knew he couldn't leave until he dealt with it.

And this one looked much stronger than the rest.

"Focus on your surroundings, Kasuga." Sai reprimanded. "I know you're worried, but that's not an excuse to be so reckless."

"...You're right." Ichiban nodded, looking slightly apologetic. "But I can't let that thing stop me. I need to go."

"Yeah, I know." He replied. "I think it's about time we stopped holding back."

Ichiban knew what he meant, and he fully agreed. Due to his not mastering the form, he knew he couldn't use his balance breaker carelessly. Certainly not in a situation like this where the answer wasn't 'punch harder'. But not anymore.

Not when his best friend's life was on the line.

As the two boys stood side by side, they released their true powers— red and gold auras tearing the ground apart as their combined power cleared the clouds. Even if that robot was ten times stronger than the other ones, it wouldn't stand a chance.

They got into their stance, preparing to attack before the robot raised its hammer to the sky, a maneuver they didn't expect. The two tensed as the hammer began glowing, getting ready to defend themselves, not knowing what to expect.

Then, the hammer released a shockwave, which wasn't harmful, strangely enough, as it passed through them without doing any damage. It stretched across the central sector of Lucifaad, engulfing everything in the vicinity. For a second, the two were slightly confused, not knowing what that was supposed to accomplish.

Until suddenly, Ichiban's red cape and Sairaorg's golden armor vanished, taking their power with them. Their eyes widened in shock and horror as they tried and failed to call upon their Sacred Gears, incapable of even summoning their primary states.

"W-what the hell?!" Sairaorg looked down at his hands. "Why can't I activate it?! Regulus?!"

What's going on?!

I don't know. Ddraig said. Something is blocking my flow of energy, partner. I can't force the Boosted Gear to activate either.

Ichiban didn't know what that meant, but he didn't even have the time to think about it as the robot rushed toward the two, swinging its hammer at Sai and striking him true in the chest, making the devil's eyes almost bulge out of his skull as he flew across the city, smashing through several buildings.

Ichiban gasped and tried to defend himself, barely being quick enough to put his arms in front of his face right before the hammer hit him. He was sent tumbling backward, grunting in discomfort as his arms trembled in pain.

The attack brought him to his knees as Ichiban continued his attempts to activate his Boosted Gear but to no avail. This was very bad. Without his boosts, he was outmatched by nearly everything and everyone on the battlefield.

Ichi got up, gritting his teeth threateningly and fixing his footwork. Had he not activated Touki in that instant, he might've lost both limbs.

The hammer-wielding robot rushed at him again, but this time, Ichiban was prepared. He evaded its swing by ducking before dashing toward it, destroying its leg with a kick. He then spun around and kicked it again in the head, smashing it to pieces.

But just like the other robots, it easily repaired itself. Thankfully, Sairaorg quickly returned to the fray, ramming the bastard with his shoulder and pushing it back. But even he knew that this wasn't enough to put it down.

As the robot started repairing itself in the distance, it charged once again, this time aiming for Ichiban as he tensed. This time, its wings-like jetpack activated, emitting blue flames and increasing the speed at which it slammed into him before flying upward, penetrating the clouds and into the underworld's upper layers.

Ichiban smashed his fists into it, but he wasn't strong or quick enough to damage it before it fixed all the damage he caused, making him panic. Sona had told him that the underworld had a ceiling– Ramming into it at this speed would kill him.

"Let me go!" Ichiban roared in a state of fright and desperation, trying to get its steel-like grip off him. "Damn it all!"

Thankfully, before he met a most gruesome fate, Sairaorg managed to catch up, flying above them and smashing his feet into its head, stopping its momentum and forcing it to relax its grip on the human boy.

However, due to his inability to fly like the rest of the people he knew, he was helpless as gravity brought him down to the ground. On his way to the ground, he watched as Sairaorg tried to save him from a fall that would surely hurt before the regenerating robot hit him in the back with a hammer.

The heavy strike caused Sai to fall at a much quicker velocity, leaving Ichiban alone and defenseless as the robot charged at him, preparing a finishing blow.

His mind raced to find a way out of this. He was helpless— in the air, unable to maneuver out of the way or dodge in any capacity, and without his Boosted Gear. He couldn't do anything to save himself.

But he couldn't let it end like this. Not so soon. There were a thousand other things he wanted to do before he died— hell, he hadn't even joined the Arakawa family yet. This wasn't his fate.

His story didn't end here.

With the lack of options but the determination to survive no matter what, Ichiban put his hands in front of his face and was about to do what he'd seen Sai do in their match— sloppily increasing the output of his Touki to dangerous levels for more power.

Until a massive water dragon interrupted the robot's attack as it swallowed him whole— the extreme pressure within it crushing the bastard and its hammer into small metal bits. Ichiban was then gently caught by the collar. As he turned to see who it was, not yet processing the powerful water spell that had saved his life, it was none other than a smiling Sona Sitri, who was a little bruised and bleeding from her head, her glasses nowhere to be seen.

"Oh, thank god, you're here!" Ichiban exclaimed in relief, not noticing her flinch slightly. "What happened in there?"

As they landed on the ground, Sona answered.

"We were attacked by one of the Old Satans' leaders." She said. "Shalba Beelzebub. Once we were out, I surveyed the situation and ordered my peerage to help with the inner defenses and evacuations."

"And Akane?" He quickly asked. "I can't sense her anywhere— where is she?"

At her grimace, Ichiban's blood ran cold.

"I don't know." She responded, looking very grim. "Right before the dimension was closing, Shalba grabbed her and used a device to teleport away."

"And you let that happen?!" He yelled.

"What do you expect me to do about it?!" She uncharacteristically snapped, glaring at him.

"I don't know— Not letting him kidnap her?!" He glowered. "Did that cross your mind?!"

"Are you daft?! Do you not know how powerful Shalba is?!" Sona scowled at him. "And to make things more hopeless, he used that same power-up Diodora had— We didn't stand a chance!"

"Enough!"

The two looked up at Sairaorg, wounded but still alive, as he glided down next to them.

"Now is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves." He said, remaining level-headed. "We're still under an invasion— We can worry about Amamiya later, alright? If she'd been kidnapped, then it's for a reason. She might still be alive."

Influenced by Sairaorg's logical reasoning, the two calmed down and nodded, throwing each other apologetic glances before the bastard robot rose again in a pristine condition, which greatly surprised Sona.

"What? But I didn't hold back when casting my Water Dragon spell." She noted. "Is this another one?"

"No, it's the same bastard," Sairaorg answered. "They repair themselves lightning-quick. They're almost impossible to put down. More than that, it somehow stopped our Sacred Gears."

"You can't be serious…" Sona was shocked.

"How the hell are we meant to destroy it like this?" Ichiban asked, the worry imminent in his tone.

"Why, you let yer superiors handle it, of course."

Before any of them could turn around to see who it was, a vaguely familiar knife flew toward the robot, stabbing it in the head. A storm of purple flames then engulfed the robot as it desperately tried to repair itself, failing right in front of their eyes.

The eye-patch-wearing Yakuza entered the battle, casually walking past them as all robots in the vicinity momentarily froze up and began backing off at the sight of him. Even the one they had been fighting stopped its movement. Although, unlike the rest, it had a lot of difficulties to move, stuck under the intense heat of Majima's fire.

Ichiban and everyone else felt immediate relief as they saw one of the strongest Tojo clan members arriving. He didn't know where he'd come from, seeing that teleportation circles were ineffective for some reason, but finally, with someone like him around, they could turn the tides.

Hell, a single attack from Majima had rendered this robot powerless as it began slowly melting away by the fierce purple flames of his magic. Ichiban didn't know what kind of spell that was, but in a way, it felt a little similar to Akane and Mizuki.

"Yo." Majima grinned at them.

"Majima-san!" Ichiban was thrilled to see one of his idols here.

"Majima?" Sairaorg blinked before his eyes went wide. "You're Goro Majima?! The Mad Dog of Shimano?!"

"How did you get here?" Sona asked. "Lucifaad is currently under an imprisoning ward cast by the invaders."

"Dunno. I was watchin' my favorite movie before a portal suddenly showed up in my room." He shrugged. "Mizuki-chan came out of it askin' for help."

"A portal?" Ichiban wondered out loud.

"Kuisha's?" Sairaorg guessed.

"Yeah." Majima nodded. "Guess these dumbass old fucks got a little too overconfident and forgot to ward off her magic."

As the robots began teleporting away one by one, each engulfed by a blinding light before disappearing off the face of the battlefield, the one melting in front of them was doing the same, preparing to get away as the Mad Dog hummed in amusement.

"Tryna run away?" Majima asked with a tilt of his head. "Too bad~"

With a snap of his finger, the flames' intensity grew a thousandfold, burning the bastard to ashes in mere seconds and preventing it from escaping. At that sight, Ichiban couldn't help but fall to his knees and sigh deeply, relieved that it was over.

They'd done it.

They'd won the battle.

Ichiban scowled, clenching his fists tightly.

Yet there was still no sign of Akane anywhere.


Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 132 others
Mirlnir
Oct 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 51: Invasion Part 2
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Nov 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#845
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, UwU




– Cao Cao –

What the hell was Shalba doing? It had been more than ten minutes since the invasion, and there was still no sign of him. Had he lost? Against a handful of teenagers? No, that couldn't be true. He had a snake to use. Cao Cao didn't care how strong that yakuza princess was— she couldn't have beaten him.

But why was it taking him so long? How hard was it to knock out a teenager and hand her over to the Amon clan? In fact, even if that Beelzebub idiot was having trouble, why weren't they helping him?

Cao Cao had felt Shalba's and Akane's energy signatures disappear a few minutes ago, so he must've used the teleporter to take her away. What, did time move differently there or something?

Cao Cao clicked his tongue in annoyance as he stared at the powerless Satans beneath him, glaring at the human with fury. Oh, if looks could kill, everyone in Lucifaad would drop dead in an instant.

But they couldn't do anything. Not even lift a finger, for no devils could withstand the Will of God. Those who were able to resist could be counted on one hand, and none of those four were part of that tiny list.

To bend reality to the whim of the user— creating miracles that otherwise would be improbable… that was the power of the True Longnius. It wasn't just the ultimate holy weapon but the manifestation of virtue and purity, where the last remaining energy of Yahweh rested. It affected the very fabric of time and space.

Of course, maintaining Truth Idea was no easy feat. Even a single activation would usually knock him out, and once he woke up, he'd be bedridden for a whole week. But with the snake of Ophis? That made things different.

He was aware that her infinite pool of energy wasn't enough, though, as the output of Truth Idea was so intense his body couldn't keep it up for much longer. He couldn't maintain it forever— he would either need to let go and escape, or his physical body would begin breaking down.

So they needed to get this over with already.

"What's wrong?" Serafall looked at him with a smug smirk. "Where are your buddies?"

Cao Cao said nothing.

"Oh, right." She giggled. "They're too busy getting their ass kicked down there. Did you think we were the only powerful combatants here? You invaded us during a festival where the main attraction is a fucking combat tournament, you idiot."

His eyes twitched as he scowled deeply.

"If I were you, I'd think very carefully before I speak, woman." He warned. "You're under my mercy."

"Sera, don't provoke him."

"Please, your plan is very clearly falling apart, and you seem smart enough to know that. Gotta be the glasses." She snorted, ignoring the Satan Lucifer. "And yet you haven't killed us. I wonder why?"

Cao Cao's eyes narrowed.

Truthfully, he hated the fact that he was using Ophis' snake. Some shitty blessing given to him by that disaster of a dragon god. To even think about utilizing it was abandoning everything he stood for.

Cao Cao wanted nothing more than to tear these devils and every supernatural creature to shreds using his own power. His own skill and talent. He did NOT want to rely on anything else handed to him by these bastards.

The only exception was the Sacred Gears, tools created by the only benevolent Deus that had treated humans appropriately. And even then, it had taken Cao Cao more than fifteen years to wield the True Longinus properly. As far as he was concerned, it was his power.

He hated this snake that crawled around his spirit. He despised this feeling of foreign energy seeping into his soul and body. If it was in his hands, he would've torn that power out of himself and spat on it.

Unfortunately, he needed to set aside his pride for this plan to work.

Though nobody had said anything about him delivering the final blow, so he wasn't going to.

Cao Cao sighed, his scowl turning into a smile.

"You got me." He shrugged. "The reason I'm not killing you myself is because if I were to do it, it would be using my own power. Simple as that."

"At the risk of this whole operation failing?" Ajuka raised an eyebrow.

"As I said before, I've never been a fan of their plan." He reiterated. "In fact, I've never been a fan of you devils entirely. So, who cares if this fails? Let them cry about it. They have themselves to blame for being so comically incompetent."

"Let us go, Cao Cao." Sirzechs said. "It's clear that you don't want things to end like this."

"Oh, you misunderstand." Cao Cao responded. "I hate you. I despise everything about you. I just hate having to rely on that beast's power even more."

"Then I'll give you a proper battle. That's what you want, right?" The Satan Lucifer offered. "An honorable one-on-one. You have my word."

"Hmm…" He hummed thoughtfully. "Very tempting, but I decline."

"Ya don't really have a choice anymore."

Cao Cao couldn't register the new voice before he was struck in the face so hard he was sent flying outside of Lucifaad, momentarily blacking out from the punch as he smashed into a remote cliffside beyond the outskirts of the capital.

He wheezed, face burning with pain as he tried to readjust his vision, dazed by a single attack from an unknown enemy. His broken glasses fell down into a lake below as he shook his head, trying to recompose himself.

A part of him knew that if he had not used the snake's power to bolster his strength, that would've killed him. Who was capable of doing that?

Cao Cao flinched as he saw the enemy throwing another attack— a punch that would surely end his life if he didn't evade. And evade he did, leaping out of the way as that monstrosity tore apart the entire cliffside, splitting the lake and clouds from the force of his attack.

As the violent wind formed by his two white claws suspended him in the air, Taiga Saejima glared at Cao Cao, showing his might as one of, if not the most powerful humans alive.

The White Tiger?! Cao Cao thought in horror. Then that means the yakuza are already here.

Now that they were here, killing the New Satans would be impossible. If the Tojo Clan were willing to send their most powerful agent, then…

But of course, they're willing. He clicked his tongue, taking out his teleporter device from his pocket. Their precious princess was here.

Oh well, this plan was a lost cause now. He might as well cut his losses and escape.

Saejima continued glaring at him, seemingly not intending to attack, as Cao Cao pressed the button, teleporting him back to his base. As soon as he set foot there, he collapsed to the ground, the power of the snake leaving him as he used the light of the True Longinus to expel it out of his body in the shape of black smoke.

"Cao Cao!" Arthur quickly checked up on him, kneeling beside him. "Are you okay?! What happened?!"

"Everything is fine, my friend." He reassured him with a smile. "The mission failed, but that would always be the case when working with devils."

If anything, Cao Cao felt a little satisfied with himself.

Because, at the very least, he was 'defeated' by a fellow human.





– Akiyama –

Although he'd expected more from one of the three leaders of the Old Satans— a descendant of the original Leviathan that had drowned entire chunks of the underworld with her magic, it was starting to get very clear that he didn't need to use his Balance Breaker for this.

He almost felt disappointed. Shun had never gotten into a scuffle with them before, or at least not with any of their higher-ups, but was this really it? And while he was confident in his own strength, having one of the four gods as a Sacred Gear and all, this was just sad.

It was starting to become evident that the power difference between her and Rizevim was ludicrous. The son of Lucifer was more than strong enough to match Tatsu in strength during their fight, and, somehow, had even defeated him.

In comparison, if Tatsu were the one fighting her, Katerea would die from a single blow, even with this power-up of hers.

Watching her come out of the rubble, Shun stopped his advance as she coughed up the inhaled dust caused by her crashing through the debris. Blood seeped from her head and down her cheeks— her glasses were broken, and her hair, formerly tied into a bun, now fell over her face.

She gritted her teeth and pushed the rocks weighing her down, still raring to go as she scowled at him. Her demonic aura exploded, feeling threatened and intimidated by the Sky Finance Manager as seen in her slight trembling.

"What's wrong?" He looked at Katerea with a smirk. "I thought you were going to make me bleed."

With a yell, Katerea blasted him with her magic, which pierced him in the chest as he stood still. She growled in frustration as she drew no blood from that attack, for his insides were nothing less than roaring flames that restored the supposed damage she inflicted on him in seconds, very similar to a Phenex Devil regeneration.

"Not so funny when your enemies can do it, huh?" He asked, giving one of the robots flying overhead a glance. "So, are you going to tell me where Akane is?"

Katerea's scowl changed at the mention of her, turning into a sinister smile as she started to chuckle.

"Why does it matter?" She said. "You'll never see her again."

He frowned.

"And why is that?"

"Because Shalba is taking care of her as we speak," Katerea revealed. "And for your information, he's even stronger than I."

Shun rushed forward, grabbing Katerea by the neck and lifting her up, tightening his grip and making her choke. He didn't know what she was trying to say here or what the Old Satans could possibly want from her, but he was in no mood for jokes.

If Akane was stuck against someone like Shalba, who could have this exact power-up, then she could be in big trouble.

"What did you do to her?" He demanded, his voice still calm. "Where is she?"

Katerea laughed in-between coughs.

"It's too late." She answered. "Your precious niece was already taken away by the Amon clan."

His eyes widened. The Amon?! So that's why they attacked?! He knew that the Old Satans were in cahoots with them, but had this entire invasion been staged just to kidnap Akane? Were they really going that far for her?

Despite the flaming cloak around his body, Shun's blood ran cold, his mind racing as he tried to think of a way to get back on the spot, but he knew that it was out of his hands at the moment. If the Amon really had her, then how the hell was he supposed to find where they were and take her back?

"Deep down, you know it too." Katerea's smile widened. "It's over. You've failed to protect her."

The intense fire of his Sacred Gear roared as it responded to his growing anger, turning bright blue as he had unconsciously activated his Balance Breaker. His grip around Katerea's throat tightened and burned hotter, making her eyes widen in pain as she tried to scream.

Calm yourself, Akiyama. Suzaku's feminine voice echoed in his mind. She's merely taunting you.

He paused.

If what she said was true, She continued. Then, this Shalba individual would be here helping with their invasion, or if this invasion really was staged, they'd start to retreat, for they would've already accomplished their objective.

Shun frowned in thought.

Akane is still fighting. He realized.

Most likely.

He relaxed his grip over Katerea's throat, letting her fall to the ground as the blue flames returned to their original color. She coughed violently, nursing the scorch marks left by his Sacred Gear.

"What…?" She glared at him hatefully. "Did you lose hope?"

"Your mind tricks won't work on me." He responded before giving her a smirk. "Maybe it's Shalba you should be worrying about. Akane has a tendency to scrape out a victory even if it's unlikely."

"You're delusional." Katerea scoffed. "Shalba is one of our strongest—"

The words seemed to have died in her throat as portals all over Lucifaad began appearing, and out of them walked hundreds of heavily armored Yakuza. In that exact second, the box of holy energy ensnaring the New Satans was blown away by a mighty force— a violent hurricane that tore apart everything in its path. Not even the robots could fix themselves fast enough as they were caught in the crossfire.

Shun felt a wave of relief as he felt the White Tiger's tremendous power. The cavalry had arrived.

"W-what?!" Katerea, however, was in despair. "This can't be! If they're here, then—"

"You lost." He told her.

Before she could try to retaliate in any meaningful way, Shun lifted his leg and struck her in the head with his foot, knocking her out. Whether she was telling the truth or not, she was to be taken as a prisoner and interrogated.

She was one of the leaders, and although not the leader, she probably knew much of the Old Satans' plans. He couldn't let her go.

Now to group up and figure out how they would get Akane back from wherever she was.





– Shalba –

He couldn't believe his eyes.

Shalba, frozen in shock and terror, took a step back as the human girl smirked at him menacingly, her demeanor having wholly switched into something else. From the confident and arrogant grins, angered snarls, and almost fearful scowls near the end of their fight to something that was in no way reminiscent of her prior character.

As demonic and divine energy engulfed the yakuza princess, her yokai heritage began to show as her black hair slowly turned white starting from its ends. Her power grew tremendously— every second in that state boosted her magic levels to absurdity.

That smirk of hers was unlike any before. A hint of madness and hunger mixed with the overwhelming desire to destroy him. This inexplicable, powerful rage seemed to have seeped into her aura and magic, causing the air to grow much colder— so cold that the sweat drops on his face began to freeze.

But that wasn't what stunned him. It wasn't her power or behavior that truly stupified Shalba.

It was what she held… that was none other than the legendary Blade of Vengeance. The great Devil King's most prized possession. The most powerful artifact that ever graced their universe. Something that Rizevim had been raving about ever since Shalba had met the madman many centuries ago.

He'd thought it was a myth—the mere ramblings of a lunatic—but there was no doubt of it. Shalba could feel it in his bones—that sword was Excelsis—the Malebranche—in the hands of a human. Was this some kind of dream? How was this even possible? How was it here, in her hands? He'd thought for sure it was destroyed in the Great War. Every record they'd gotten their hands on stated that.

Shalba's brain was going a hundred miles a second— trying to make sense of the situation before him. He still couldn't believe it. Even though it was right in front of him, it still felt unreal. He must be in a dream.

"What's wrong?" She asked with a tilt of her head, her voice eerily calm. "Where did all your confidence go?"

Shalba felt himself clenching his jaw. He had to calm down. Real or not, he couldn't lose his composure so quickly. He had to fish for information before doing anything drastic. The Amon clan had to be on their way, and with their support, it's possible to defeat her.

"That sword…" He pointed at the blade in her hand. "How are you wielding the instrument of evil so casually?"

"Hm? This?" She waved it around like a toy, giggling to herself. "Who knows? I just found it lying around.

Shalba scowled. Was she mocking him? She'd just 'found' something Rizevim had been looking for ever since the Great War ended? Was she out of her mind?

"So I just took this thing and thought I'd use it for myself." She added. "Nobody seemed to mind when I took it."

"It's not yours." He growled. "It rightfully belongs to his heir, Rizevim Lucifer!"

"No way you're lecturing me about stealing!" She laughed. "Actually, you wanna know something funny? I found it in a sewer, all alone and dirty, rotting next to the rats that surround it."

"W-what?" His eyes widened. She was correct; he didn't believe that. "Are you insane? The Great Malebranche, in a filthy sewer?!"

"Yup. Protected by all kinds of seals and illusions. Found it stuck in a rock, so I pulled it out. Why not, right? Might as well see what happens." Akane confirmed before pausing. "Huh. Sounds a little familiar, doesn't it? Do you think that legally makes me your queen?"

"You…" Shalba could feel himself becoming angrier by the second, the power of infinity sparking around his body. "A human like you? Proprietor of our throne? Don't make me laugh."

"What's so funny about that?" Her unsettling smirk grew bigger. "I already own your beloved 'instrument of evil', don't I? Might as well bow before me."

Having suffered enough disrespect from this human whore, Shalba conjured up an army of his clan heritage. Millions upon millions of insects swarmed the girl, whose menacing smirk only grew. Not only did she stay there, but she didn't even bother to use any defensive spells.

For she only needed her aura to extinguish his magic, utterly annihilating all the insects in the blink of an eye.

"God, you're so bad at this." She said, rolling her eyes. "I was barely messing with you, and you're already throwing a tantrum."

"How did you—"

Shalba was then suddenly struck in the face, sending him tumbling over the pure white floor of the subdimension. The blow was so strong that it had broken his nose, something he couldn't possibly have expected from the little girl in front of him.

He quickly flipped and got on his feet, seeing her on the attack again. However, this time, he wasn't caught by surprise, successfully blocking her kick with his forearm. He could feel the weight behind the attack, but as of right now, she had yet to surpass him in power.

She was very quickly closing that gap, forcing him to release all his strength in an explosive display. Demonic magic mixed with Ophis' power of infinity meant that he had nothing to worry about in terms of energy consumption, which was very much a concern for her as far as he was aware.

With a giggle, Akane then froze his arm in an instant, causing Shalba to flinch and back off, but he was immediately hit in the chest right after, which once again froze under her touch. He acted quickly, using a large amount of his mana to create more insects that pushed her off as he shattered the ice.

But the human girl was relentless as she dispersed his swarm of bugs to attack once more, a far cry from how she'd fought earlier. From physical attacks to magic, everything she did hurt a thousand times more.

Shalba spread his wings with an annoyed growl and rolled in the air after he was struck with a particularly powerful punch, eyes widening as he saw several copies of girl attacking him. Panicking, he tried to use his swarm to shield himself before he was hit in the back with a kick, prompting him to gasp in pain.

"Dumbass." She mocked as her copies disappeared.

Illusion magic? He gritted his teeth, landing on the white floor. Since when did she—

Not wanting him to even breathe, Akane snapped her fingers and launched hundreds of ice shards his way, making him click tongue in annoyance. This was bad. The way she fought now was unlike before.

Where she used to be careful and defensive, now she was the opposite. The aggressiveness put him on the back foot, not giving him any chance to retaliate appropriately. He might really be out of options here.

She has already surpassed me in speed. He thought in dread. I need to act.

Shalba did his best, using pure demonic energy to cast a shield that barely protected him from the thousands of ice shards that tried to tear him apart. Some managed to pierce, drawing blood from his stomach, arms, and face.

From the corner of his eye, he saw a glimpse of her attacking, and he responded appropriately by blasting her in the face before realizing it was just another illusion, as a hammer smashed into him from behind, sending him hurling to the sky where Akane sped up to. She then met him with a kick that nearly rendered him unconscious.

Shalba gasped as he landed on his back, but he knew this was not the time to rest even for a second as he concentrated to the best of his ability, creating more swarms to overwhelm his enemy, but to no avail, as they were all either frozen into icy particles or vaporized from the intense heat of the blade's aura.

The intense heat that he was starting to feel was slowly eating away at his very soul. Mixed with the cold aura of the girl's unreasonably powerful ice magic, it made concentrating in any way that mattered extremely difficult. With a clan trait that required his focus, he was left ultimately unable to truly go on the offense.

But he had to do what he could, so he flipped and landed on his feet as he was sent down by another one of her blows, using his pure demonic magic to try to shoot her out of the sky. He roared and unleashed a massive barrage of blasts, which she met with thousands of icicles with a laugh.

Shalba knew he had the advantage here, so he doubled his efforts and increased the amounts of spells he threw, but instead of stupidly trying to mimic what he did, Akane was clever enough to just make one massive wall of ice that blocked all his efforts at hurting her.

She then threw said wall at him, forcing him to back off. He barely made it out as the wall hit the floor, shattering into thousands of tiny ice shards that all began floating above the ground. Knowing what was going to happen, Shalba tried to destroy the shards with his own magic, but with them being remotely controlled by the girl above, they all began moving erratically, evading his blast before launching toward him.

Even though he put as much magic as he could into the shield around him, some of her ice shards still managed to pierce, wearing him down as more and more cuts formed around his body. And not any tiny, shallow cuts either— they were deep enough to kill.

And so, with a mighty scream, his power exploded further, disintegrating all the other shards, blood seeping from all the wounds she caused. But Shalba was no weakling. He wasn't going to be defeated so easily—!

He gasped as he watched her charge at him again through the smoke caused by his explosion, holding a saber made of ice in her other hand that she used to slash across his chest, making him cry out in pain. That was no shallow cut as blood began to pour out, but as he was a devil, this was not enough to put him down.

So Shalba used the opportunity to counter-attack instead of trying to create distance, casting a powerful wave of magic at her face. He saw the panic in her eyes for a split second, but it was too late for her as the blast covered a chunk of the space, tearing apart the pure white floor.

Blade of Vengeance or not, this had to have hurt her, possibly killed her, if anything. She was a human, after all. She didn't have the luxury of a durable body like most other races. But Shalba didn't care— at this point, it was do or die.

And he valued his own life more than a tool the Amon desired.

"To tell you the truth, Shalba—" He heard her say, making his eyes go wide. "I'm very thankful to you right now."

The smoke cleared, and she was still there standing, blood trailing down her forehead and nose, but still giving him that creepy smirk as more of her hair had fully turned white as a shadow-like cloak formed around her shoulders. That wasn't enough?! What the hell was that sword doing to her?!

Shalba growled, threatened, and angered by the human girl as she stared at Excelsis in her hand.

"All this time, I had to hide Excelsis from everyone because I knew damn well what would happen if anyone knew I had it." She said. "It made me realize that people are afraid of power. Real power. That's why they seal incredible artifacts like this. It's frustrating, isn't it? Power like this shouldn't be feared. It should be used. Who cares if it was used to devour souls?"

She stepped forward.

"Why is it even a sin, anyway? Some people don't deserve the soul or power they were blessed with." She continues her monologue, sounding more and more like a devil of old rather than a typical human. "They don't deserve to live lives they're going to waste on distractions anyway. Those people deserve to die. They deserve to be denied reincarnation and an afterlife. Power, state of being, and individuality should be in the hands of the ambitious and competent, not the useless and lazy."

What the hell is she going on about? Shalba thought, his dread and confusion by the second.

"Unfortunately, the 'leaders' of this world don't see it the way I do. It's all about these stupid 'rights to live' and 'sacredness of the soul'. It's ridiculous." She added with a sigh. "But I digress. You see, ever since I got my hands on Excelsis, I've always had this urge to use it somewhere. See what it's really capable of. And you…"

She looked at him, her smile growing wider.

"You've given me that chance," Akane stated, expressing her excitement. "Almost makes me feel bad for what I'm gonna do to you."

Shalba stood up on his feet as she got closer.

"Almost." She reiterated, tightening her fist around the sword as the veins in her forehead throbbed. "This incredible feeling of power aside, I've never felt this strong of an urge to kill and destroy everything in my path."

He knew what she was referring to. Or at least, he assumed he knew, seeing how much Rizevim liked talking about the blade and its properties. The fact that it injected its hatred toward life into its wielder until they lost any sense of themselves and let Excelsis itself control the body until death.

The fact that a human like her was still able to talk intelligently for this long was impressive, but soon enough, she'd just turn into a mindless beast and get her essence consumed by the blade. Only a devil could wield it safely.

"The sword's influence," Shalba responded before scoffing. "Naturally, a human wouldn't know how to control it…"

"Oh, I'm controlling it just fine." She chuckled. "Otherwise, you would've already lost your head. Here, let me show you."

As Shalba got ready for an attack, he was hit by a gust of wind accompanied by the shallowest of cuts across his neck, only breaking the skin and nothing else. He took a moment to process what had just happened. Akane was standing right next to him, where, less than a second ago, he had been a great distance away.

He put a hand over his throat, the dread and rage he felt over the girl turning into overwhelming fear as he realized the situation he was in. Unlike just a minute ago, he stood no chance against her now. He had effectively lost the battle.

"See?" She whispered. "I guess Lucifer is stronger than Ophis after all."

In a flight-or-fight response, Shalba tried to launch another devastating attack, but all of a sudden, he lost his balance and fell, a cold feeling surrounding his leg, making him look down to see that it was completely frozen off.

He couldn't even scream before his leg shattered. Once he tried to escape, more ice shot out of the ground, stabbing him in the chest and shoulders before freezing some of his body solid, preventing him from moving.

Shalba tried to do what he did earlier, unleashing his magic in every direction in the form of a tremendous explosion, but then, suddenly, a sharp pain in his heart prevented him from doing so. But this wasn't Akane's doing— he felt it deep in his body, in his very essence.

He struggled to breathe, feeling the infinite power of the snake leaving him as his injured and weakened body failed to accommodate it. He shrieked in agony, his mana going haywire at the sudden decline in power.

"Oh, so there was a drawback after all." He heard her mutter, but he couldn't focus, breathing heavily. "I thought so. No way a power like that is free."

"Y-you'll pay for this…" He growled. "You think you're getting away?"

Akane simply got in front of him, not saying a word. Her smile had disappeared, replaced by a frown as she visibly tried to control the rage induced by the blade.

"The world's most powerful would do anything to acquire the blade," Shalba said. "You won't live to see another day— GGHAAAAA!!!!"

He could feel it— the agonizing sensation in every inch of his body as the ice spread in the form of small spikes, puncturing his insides and tearing them apart. Shalba gritted his teeth, his breathing growing ever heavier as the hellish pain persisted, his devil endurance being a curse as he remained conscious even after losing much blood.

Akane grabbed him by the chin, forcing him to look at her. At her devilish and sadistic smirk, Shalba felt terrified.

"Look at you. So scared of a mere 'human'. Are you going to start begging now? That's how it works with you 'villains' no? When things stop going your way, you show your real miserable, pathetic self." She said with a giggle, making him flinch. "Now that's a good look on your face. It suits you."

"Once he…" Shalba gasped as she let go of his face. "…Once Rizevim learns of this—"

"He'll die just like you," Akane claimed. "He's nothing special. After all, the sword chose me as its new master. Not him. It knows who's truly worthy of wielding it."

Shalba was too weak to even speak, seemingly on the verge of passing out as he tried but failed to summon any of his power. He couldn't even conjure a single insect.

"But that's enough talk. Maybe you can't tell, but I'm starving~" She added, raising her free hand as it turned dark— surrounded by a power he had never felt or seen before. "I waited far too long for this."

Shalba couldn't ask what she was about to do before she plunged her blackened arm into his heart. But it wasn't his heart that she was trying to pull out, but his essence— his very soul. He gasped in fear and pain as he tried to stop her, but being so weakened and without the snake's power…

He knew he stood no chance.

So, with a scream of pain and fear, he tried as hard as he could, but Akane still overpowered him regardless, taking his soul into her hand. Shalba stared in abject horror at such a nightmarish scene in front of his eyes, but before long, his consciousness slipped away, and the last Beelzebub Descendent lost his life.





– Akane –

I'm almost in disbelief at the bright soul in my hand. Unlike anything I've seen— where those idiot gangbangers had tiny white embers for their eternal essence, Shalba's soul was a ball of black flame as big as my head. A red and green aura surrounds it, showing the massive difference in power between an average human and a powerful devil. I can feel the intensity radiating off it.

When I first learned of this supposed invasion, I didn't expect it to go this way at all. I counted on splitting off and picking a few enemies here and there, quickly growing my strength that way. Well, relatively quickly.

Because I didn't expect I'd get the chance to steal the soul of their boss. An Old Satan leader. The Beelzebub descendant. So much stronger than the rest of the troops it's not even funny. I did it. I really did it. I defeated him and got his soul.

Holy fuck, how did this happen?

"How disappointing." Lucifer suddenly says, looking at Shalba's corpse. "I expected Beelzebub's descendant would put up more of a fight. Not even relying on Ophis' blessing helped him."

"You expected more from this weakling?" I say without thinking. "He needed a blessing from the infinity dragon to stand a chance against teenagers. Don't be fucking stupid."

I'm surprised at my own needlessly aggressive response, but Lucifer merely raises a brow at me, smiling in amusement.

"Perhaps it's time you let go of the sword, my dear." He suggests. "Its effects are starting to become… dangerous."

As I'm about to snap at him for daring to tell me what to do, I realize that he's very right. My power is still continuously rising, but so is this foreign anger caused by the blade invading my own soul. No wonder Gamer's Mind didn't prevent it— it's affecting my whole being, not just my brain.

So, with strange reluctance, I return the sword to my inventory, and as soon as I do, I feel a painful, electrifying, and burning feeling throughout my entire body, causing me to fall to my knees and preventing me from breathing as something builds up in my throat, just like the first time I used Excelsis, except much worse.

After a few violent coughs, I throw up the black mass that formed in me— the collective dark energy I absorbed from the sword, now expelled from my body as I gasp for air. It's humiliating having this happen to me in front of someone, but it's not like I can help it.

The black mass squirms and twitches before disintegrating into smoke, making me sigh in relief. That was so, so much worse than the first time. I open my stats just in case, grimacing as I see that my HP has gone down to 40% just from that. I barely used it for a few minutes…

"Fuck…" I groan and wipe my mouth, clutching Shalba's soul tightly. "Why does it have to be so unpleasant?"

"Because you wasted too much time speaking." Lucifer criticizes. "There was no need to humor his attempt at buying time."

"Buying time helped me close the gap quicker," I argue, getting back up. "He got intimidated. Regardless of my growing power, he wasn't confident in taking me on immediately. I used that to my advantage."

If I'd attacked as soon as I equipped the sword, he would've noticed that he was much stronger than I still was and knocked me out as quickly as he could. It was to my benefit that I played along for a bit.

"That's what we call being 'too careful'." He disagrees. "True, had you not gone along, he would have the power advantage, but not by a massive margin. He could not have beaten you quickly enough before you caught up."

"You don't know that." I narrow my eyes at him.

"It's my blade, Akane." He makes a very good point. "Of course, I know its strengths and weaknesses."

I don't have a good response to that, so I reluctantly concede. I'm in too much of a good mood to continue arguing about something that doesn't even matter.

"Oh well. I'll keep this in mind the next time I'm forced to use it. But now…" I sigh, grinning at the soul in my hand. "I won. And that's all that matters."

"Thankfully, yes."

I look at the soul with anticipation, very giddy at what I'm about to experience. If the soul of a regular person was so mind-numbingly good, then someone of Shalba's caliber… I'm almost drooling at the thought.

To make matters even better? I'm in some dimension where nobody can sense me, literally outside the universe, so there's no worry of someone figuring out anything. When I'm out of here? I'll just tell them that I managed to win because the 'strange' power he used started to destroy him from the inside. And I wouldn't even be lying. That did happen near the end of the fight.

This… went even better than I thought it would. Everything was 150% perfect. Thinking I'd get to eat some of the small fries, I ended up with the main course. It's like the universe is saying sorry for how it treated me earlier.

It makes all the wait so much worth it.

And so, after a deep breath, I tighten my fist over the soul, feeling some resistance before it's crushed.

As I anticipated, it's COMPLETELY different from the ordinary human souls I've consumed in the past. Shalba's knowledge, magic, and fragments of his memories merge with my soul, nourishing it. The overwhelming euphoria surges through every cell in my body, forcing me to my knees.

The tingles are far more pronounced now, causing me to shudder. It's beyond what human words can convey—nothing can truly capture these unfathomable feelings. No pleasure in any realm compares to the sheer, intense joy of fueling your own soul.

I can't help but giggle, my trembling quickly stopping as the feeling once again disappears the exact moment I felt it. My giggles grow into laughter as I see the stats and perks I gained from Shalba.

Level up! x29

+645 STR +605 END +455 DEX +325 INT +270 WIS +205 CHA +10 LUK

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 254

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Juggernaut - LVL 54/100 [84%]

Secondary Class - Illusionist - LVL 50/100 [51%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 93,780 [12,504 per minute]

MP - 87,500 [39,600 per minute]

SP - 93,780 [12,504 per minute]

STR - 3947

END - 3126

DEX - 2934

INT - 3500

WIS - 3300

CHA - 2091

LUK – 1116

[Essence of the Colossus] – Perk – 2500 END

With such force within, a fragment of your soul has gained a powerful essence. This is only the beginning…

Doubles HP and SP

Doubles HP and SP regeneration

Increases damage reduction by 15%

[Essence of the Wayfarer] – Perk – 2500 DEX

With such force within, a fragment of your soul has gained a powerful essence. This is only the beginning…

Increases speed by 50%

Effects of previous DEX perks are boosted

It may not seem very impressive, but this is a little over 2500 stats from a single enemy using a level two Devour. This is absurd. I can only imagine how much I would've gotten had Devour counted the snake as Shalba's own power.

From one person, I got two perks, an immense amount of stat points, and Devour upgraded to level three. I couldn't have hoped for this to go any better. And if I were to win the tournament… that's an extra 1000 in every stat.

I'm going to be un-fucking-stoppable.

As I continue reading the notification, sighing in relief and pleasure at what I just experienced, I paused and saw a strange notice I've never received before.

Skill gained

Warning: The Skill [Beelzebub Clan Trait: Insect Control] is incompatible with the user's body and magic. Find a solution?

What? What do you mean it's incompatible with my body? I thought Gamer's Body mitigated that problem, didn't it?

No. The clan trait requires demonic energy to work.

So? Shouldn't Devour give me his demonic energy?

No. You only get his most powerful unique ability. You may be able to gain racial-exclusive abilities if you upgrade Devour to an appropriate level.

Right. Well, it's not like it matters. Whatever solution the system finds, I'll probably be satisfied with it.

Finding solution…

…

Solution found.

Converted [Beelzebub Clan Trait: Insect Control] into [Insect Control: Novice]

What was even the point of doing all that? It's the same fucking thing.

Oh well, like I said, it doesn't matter. I wasn't planning to utilize such a disgusting ability anyway. You'd see me dead before I ever even think about using this shitty power.

"How do you feel?" Lucifer asks.

"Never better," I answer. "It was everything I hoped for and more."

"I can imagine." He chuckles before looking to the side. "We have a visitor, by the way."

As soon as he says that, I hear slow clapping from where Lucifer is looking, prompting me to follow his line of sight and see a man in black gazing at me from behind his shades. Expressionless and unmoving, the man continues his claps a few times before speaking.

"Well done." He praised. "You've far exceeded my expectations, Akane."

I immediately know who this person is, even without using Observe to check his stats. He looks very similar to that other agent that I fought against— Shin Amon, who claimed to be my cousin, making it very clear who this is. However, I still use Observe just to see if I can get out of this situation somehow. Unfortunately for me…

Name: Jo Amon

Title: The Fiercest Warrior

HP - ???

MP - ???

SP - ???

Race - Nano-Cyborg

LVL - ???

STR - ???

END - ???

DEX - ???

INT - ???

WIS - ???

CHA - ???

LUK - ???

Thoughts about you: Impressed with your performance against an amped-up Shalba

I don't think I stand a chance against him, even with this new power-up. Though, I don't sense any malicious or killing intent from him.

…Scratch that; I can't feel anything from him.

"How bizarre. That man's presence is…" Lucifer notes before pausing. "It's almost as if I'm staring at someone that doesn't exist."

Those are my thoughts exactly. This isn't like the cloaking tech Kokabiel and his subordinates used because when I became aware of them, I could still feel their presence in a way. Not their magic or energy, but things like intent? It was still noticeable. You can't hide those things with tech or magic.

But this guy? It seriously feels like I'm hallucinating. Is it maybe a hologram or something? I'd expect that from a high-tech faction. It's not like their leader needs to see me personally, right? But if he wanted to kidnap me all along, then why isn't he here? Assuming it is a hologram.

Perhaps it's because he's a cyborg? Possibly.

Still, even though I doubt I can get out of this unscathed, I cast hundreds of ice spells around me, all aiming at the Amon agent. He is as still as a statue, and his expression isn't telling me much. Observe isn't helping in this regard either.

"There's no need." He says calmly. "I'm not here to hurt you. I only wish to speak."

"Tell it to the corpse," I respond, pointing at Shalba's body. "He dragged me here and used one of your creations to do it. Far as I'm concerned, you're an enemy."

"The devil merely played his role." My supposed uncle retorts. "Perfectly, might I add."

I pause. Played his role? I mean, he did successfully kidnap me, so yeah, but with how this guy phrased that sentence, it makes it seem like he meant something else entirely.

"What do you mean?"

Jo pauses for a moment before asking.

"Since coming to this dimension, have you ever wondered why we've never helped him?"

I stop to think about it for a second, making me realize how strange their late response is. They couldn't have messed up and been late for a silly reason, right? This had to have been deliberate.

"To put it simply, this was a test." He explains. "And you passed with flying colors. Well done."

"A test?" I narrow my eyes.

"Indeed," He confirms. "We wanted to see how you'd fare against Shalba, and we knew you couldn't use all the tools at your disposal in the middle of the battlefield, so considering he had the snake to rely on, we thought we'd help you level the playing field."

I pause.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Isn't it obvious? We had our suspicions about Excelsis being in your possession." He reveals, making me freeze. "You hid it well enough, but we know you've been in contact with Lucifer's spirit."

"You knew?"

"We knew everything. We've been monitoring you for quite a while, you see. Ever since you came to Kuoh, in fact." He says. "And since then, you've revealed much to us. Your inexplicable mastery over spatial magic, unnatural growth in power, sudden interest and skill in mechanics, and most of all… your soul-stealing spree in Hokkaido."

I feel worse about this the more stuff he lists off. I knew it. So they've been watching everything after all, haven't they? All this time, I thought I was being as careful as I possibly could… Turns out there's room for improvement.

I clench my fists nervously. To think he knows about me devouring those people. Shit, this could be a big problem.

"…And now, you've confirmed our suspicions." He adds. "You, Akane Amamiya, are an anomaly. Something about you is alien to me."

"And what's that?" I ask.

"Prior to you coming to Kuoh, you were mostly a regular girl. Temperamental and a problem maker, but you exuded none of our family's personality traits." He says, making me feel colder by the second. "This sudden switch in your characteristics is not natural, and it couldn't have been the sword's doing. This change was before you seemingly found it during your trip to the underworld."

What the fuck? How does he know all of this? Nobody noticed anything, not even my own mother. Odd looks here and there aren't close to his terrifyingly accurate description. How could he have possibly figured all of this out?

"He's good." Lucifer praises, still smiling calmly. "Hmm, I wonder what he's truly after? And what purpose he'd have you serve?"

"It made me wonder just what you are. What you're truly hiding." Jo continues before snorting. "But in the grand scheme of things, that does not matter, does it? You are still family."

"Enough of these stupid games," I growl, feeling genuinely threatened. "What the hell do you want from me?"

Jo pauses, and after a moment of silence, he finally moves, taking a few steps towards me, which makes me tense.

"I want you to join us." He says, extending his arm. "Your real family. Not those sentimental little idiots that hold you back."

"Not another step," I warn him, knowing damn well my spells aren't gonna do any damage.

Out of courtesy or amusement, he stops, continuing his offer.

"I promise you tools and weapons beyond your wildest dreams. The knowledge that no one else has access to." My uncle continues, leaning closer. "And countless souls to satiate your endless thirst for power."

I glance at his offered hand, giving it more thought. If I just take it, then…

It's tempting. It's really, really tempting. I do not have to worry about people catching me devouring souls for my benefit— people actively helping me to grow in power—none of that silly training that's barely helpful, if at all. An actual path to infinite power, where no one holds me back from unleashing my full potential.

With people like the Amon clan, where nothing is beneath them investing in me… I could easily be the most powerful person in the universe. It's everything I ever wanted. Offered to me on a silver platter.

…But what am I really trading it for? Is this really the right decision? Is this what I want to do?

A mental image of my mother, Ichiban, Akiyama, and even Asia and the devils flash in my mind, making me clench my jaw in frustration. This isn't fair. Why isn't it working, Game? Didn't you tell me that this sociopath trait would work better once I grow more powerful?!

Well, here I fucking am, already at the level of a Satan class! What the fuck are you waiting for?! Why do I still care?! Am I misunderstanding it or something? If I am, then get rid of it and give me the appropriate trait, you stupid cosmic loser!

This is really pissing me off. That's all you ever did.

No, I'm thinking under the pretense that he's telling the truth. There gotta be a catch or something. I can't just blindly trust someone because they're promising me power. Mom warned me about them for a reason.

"…And if I refuse?" I ask hesitantly as I stare at him in the eyes. "What will you do?"

Jo pauses, giving me an odd look.

"Haven't you heard me?" He tilts his head slightly. "I know everything about you, Akane. Naturally, I had everything recorded, even this battle. I can destroy your social life and everything you've built in a blink."

…Is he blackmailing me? Seriously? That's what he's going for? I was almost convinced to take his hand… Now, he just made it easy for me to deny his offer and not feel bad about it.

…That's good. I'm glad that's the case. Now I know that it was too good to be true.

"Really?" My conflicted frown turns into a confident smirk. "Do it, then."

"Pardon me?"

"Do it. Share your recordings everywhere. To the Tojo clan, my mother— anyone you could think of." I snort. "You think I'm scared of this ridiculous threat of yours?

Jo looks at me in slight confusion, as does Lucifer, though he is more interested in my response.

"The thing is, uncle. No one is going to believe you." I state with confidence. "You can have as much evidence as you want, even use this same conversation we're having, but none of it would help your case."

"And why is that?" He frowns.

"Because with your tech level, anything could've been easily fabricated." I point out. "It doesn't matter how convincing it looks— nobody trusts you, especially my mother. Your 'evidence' would be disregarded, and you'd be accused of falsifying the recordings and whatever picture you took. There's nothing you can do to prove otherwise. And since you know me so well, then you know that I'm a very good actress."

Utter idiot. How couldn't he have seen this coming? Perhaps he was banking on me agreeing too hard. If he had tried to persuade me better without resorting to dumbass threats, I might've accepted the offer.

He says he knows everything about me, and that might be true to an extent. Unfortunately, he forgot just how petty I can be—threatening and blackmailing me? Just who the fuck do you think you are? As if I'd comply with people like that. All you did was write your name on my shit list.

And it's very hard for me to forgive.

I'm seriously glad that he went with that. Now I feel terrific about telling him to piss off and fuck himself.

"Ahh…" Lucifer's smile widens. "Turning their own strength against them, hm? Clever."

"Turns out you don't know me as much as you think you do," I say with a grin. "You're right— I do want power. I do want to be stronger. But I hate being ordered around even more. Do you think you could just blackmail me to work for you? You gotta be an idiot."

He frowns at that.

"Obviously, I realize that you could just force me to go with you, and there's nothing I can do about it, but let me give you one word of advice," I add. "I'm very, very spiteful. So unless you're named Mizuki Amamiya and can handle me at my absolute worst, I'll make your life a living hell. There wouldn't be a day going by without you regretting it. That, I can promise."

If he thinks I'm so important, then he's not willing to kill me, and there's no way for him to control me in any capacity. He can't pressure me to join his stupid clan even if he tries. He knows it. I know it. I win.

But, of course, I did. I'm allergic to losing.

"...Very well." He concedes. "You've made your point, and I won't force you to come with me."

"Tsk tsk. You can't force me. Let's make it clear." I wag my finger at him, feeling a little dangerous. "So, are we done? If yes, please send me back."

Without saying another word, glowing white particles begin to surround me. Though before I'm assumingly teleported out of here, Jo flicks something at me, which I catch. It's a tiny black button with no other characteristics— as simple as one might imagine.

"If you ever find yourself changing your mind, press it." He says, giving me his back. "So long."

With that, a blinding light similar to what brought me to this dimension flashes, prompting me to close my eyes in discomfort. Immediately after, I can sense everything and everyone in the vicinity— Ichiban, Rias, and everyone else.

Once I blink a few times to adjust my vision to my surroundings, I notice that I'm back in the coliseum. I quickly create my ice wings and take flight to the sky, seeing that the battle is over with how quiet it is. Countless dead bodies and broken robots litter the streets, making me hum to myself.

I'm not going to lie; I'm very impressed. I don't think I was in that dimension for longer than ten minutes, and they already wiped out the invaders. And here I was, excited at the prospect of getting a few more bonus souls…

I look at the button he gave me in thought before sending it to my inventory and flying over to where I can sense most people I know.

Oh well, I got Shalba's. You won't see me complaining about this.





– Sona –

With the support of the Tojo Clan, the battle ended very quickly. The robots escaped, and enemy devils and magicians either surrendered or were slain. Those who were captured were immediately transferred to a nearby prison, awaiting interrogation.

As for them, they gathered in the Palace of Lucifer, unsurprisingly not as damaged as the rest of the city as its protective wards were of a much higher quality. Hundreds of soldiers surrounded the palace, guarding it as doctors and healers treated their wounded.

For the most part, the casualties on their side were minimal, considering the sudden attack. While many of their own soldiers and warriors had lost their lives, it seemed that no civilian suffered anything worse than minor injuries.

Which sent a wave of relief to everyone involved in defending the city. It seems that with their quick response, the combatants stationed everywhere in Lucifaad, and Kuisha's convenient clan trait, the evacuation procedures had more or less gone flawlessly. They were lucky that the imprisoning wards did not affect her portals.

The Old Satans were careless in that regard. The Abaddon clan trait, 'Hole', worked very differently than regular teleportation. The fundamentality of that ability made the imprisoning wards ineffective. Otherwise, they would've had a lot of dead civilians on their hands.

Which would've been a nightmare to deal with because many of those civilians weren't devils. The last thing they wanted was to piss off several factions at the same time, so soon after the peace treaty. The backlash would have been disastrous.

So, at the very least, this invasion wasn't a total disaster. Their response had been quick and efficient, with no civilian deaths, and they'd even managed to capture one of the leaders of the Old Satans. Even without the help of the New Satans, they'd managed to do well on their own.

"I was so scared!" Serafall cried, hugging her Sona tightly. "I thought my baby sister got hurt and died!"

While she did get hurt in her battle with Shalba, she did not, in fact, die. Thankfully, the most she suffered were only a few scratches here and there and nothing more.

"I'm fine, Sera," Sona responded gently, knowing that despite her behavior, her sister was genuinely terrified for her safety. "I can take care of myself."

Within the large meeting room of the palace, Sona looked over her sister's shoulder, watching her friends sitting apart from the injured, their wounds having already been treated. Rias and her peerage were in one corner, Sai and his in another, and Ichiban was sitting alone on one of the chairs, looking deathly worried.

But why wouldn't he be? After all that, they still had no idea where Akane was. Shalba had taken her away and vanished to who knew where. She was clearly not in the underworld anymore. Otherwise, they would've already located her and sent a rescue party.

"I-I know that, but still…" Serafall sniffled. "I couldn't do anything to help you. I'm the worst sister ever."

"That's not true. You had your hands full with that Cao Cao person." Sona shook her head. "I'm just glad you're alright."

"Serafall."

Sirzechs' voice made her sister whip her head at him, spotting him next to the yakuza generals, then nodding. She let go of Sona, giving her one last smile before walking away to discuss the situation with them.

Sona frowned, as she still didn't understand the situation in detail, the hows and whys of it.

She still didn't know what Shalba or the Old Satans wanted from her or who those 'human allies' he spoke of were, but Sona was confident that, wherever she was, Akane was still alive. It had been made explicitly apparent that she was to be taken alive.

So, at worst, Shalba knocked her out and handed her over to his mysterious allies. Where and who they could be, Sona didn't know. She was very worried about Akane, however. While she didn't think she was killed, there's no telling what they might be doing to her.

It left her increasingly concerned and guilty that she'd let this happen. They had been winning the battle until he'd used that unknown power-up, which should've been evident to her. If Diodora, a defect who'd joined the Old Satans, had one, then why couldn't Shalba?

It could've been avoided had they planned this better. If anything, they should've avoided direct confrontation and tried leaving the dimension. Why had she been so confident in herself that she thought she could take on the third-strongest devil in the Old Satan faction?

Sona sighed to herself and cursed under her breath, glancing at Mizuki, who was being comforted by Akiyama and Asia. She contemplated if she should approach Akane's mother. Admittedly, she still somewhat intimidated Sona, and considering who some of the attackers were…

It was probably not a good idea to approach her right now, so instead, Sona got closer to Ichiban, thinking he might need someone to talk to.

"Are you alright, Kasuga?" She asked with a soft tone, sitting on a chair next to him.

Ichiban looked at her, not even bothering to give her his usual smile, and nodded slowly.

"...Yeah. I guess I am." He said. "I'm just worried about her."

"I understand," Sona responded. "And I… am sorry."

"For what?" Ichiban blinked in confusion.

"For not saving her when I could've." She clarified.

"No, don't say that." He said. "What I said back there— I didn't mean it. It was just in the heat of the moment. I know it was out of your hands, Sona. Please, don't put the blame on yourself."

"I could've tried harder." She argued. "There were a thousand other ways I could've prevented them from kidnapping her. I just—"

"Stop." He told her with a firm voice. "Saying all that doesn't matter. There's no use dwelling on what you could've or couldn't have done. Blaming yourself won't fix the problem. Remember what I said back then? After Kokabiel's attack?"

Sona paused, waiting for him to finish.

"We can't expect to do everything perfectly." He said. "A lot of unexpected things can happen. Bad or good. Controlling every aspect of our lives is never gonna be possible. We had no way of knowing this invasion was going to happen."

Sona had to admit he was convincing, but she knew she couldn't be convinced so easily. If anything, a part of her thought that Ichiban was blaming himself for letting this happen, even though it wasn't his fault at all.

He hadn't even been in that dimension with them. He never even had the chance to fight Shalba himself. If he had… Sona knew that he would've mopped the floor with him. If Ichiban really had been there, then they could've saved her.

But as for her? She was too weak to do anything.

"Everyone, may I have your attention for a moment?"

The people present in the meeting room paused, looking at Sirzechs in curiosity. Once their chatter had quieted down, Satan Lucifer acknowledged the situation surprisingly grimly, seeing the frown on his face.

"As you all have seen for yourselves, this invasion was an endeavor by the Old Satan faction. Followers of the original devils." He started. "Another devil faction that wants nothing but the conquest or destruction of every realm. They're monsters of the highest degree."

Sona expected him to be a little more confident or pleased seeing the minimal damages they'd suffered against a massive ambush. By all means, something like this would usually warrant a victory party and a feast.

"They worked with a secret technology-based human group named the Amon Clan, who supplied them with the numerous robots you saw during the attack." He continued, answering her questions about these human allies of theirs. Amon? That was a devil pillar, though. "That, and with the help of several human magicians and a Longnius-Wielder, we were in a terrible position. And although all of you fought bravely, pushing them back until they were forced to retreat, I'm afraid the battle isn't over yet."

"Though I'm sure most of you know this already, Akane Amamiya has been abducted by the Old Satans and given to the Amon Clan," Serafall added. "For what reason, we're not sure."

"But with one of our own taken away, such transgressions will not go unpunished." Sirzechs nodded. "We will give the word to all our allies and send search parties around every realm effective immediately. No stone will be left unturned."

Are they really going that far? Sona was amazed.

"Seriously?!" Ichiban stood up. "You're really gonna do that?!"

"Yes," Sirzechs confirmed with a serious look, giving Akane's mother a quick glance. "If any of you wish to join these search parties, raise your hands."

Every single person present in the room did so almost immediately, even Sairaorg and his peerage. Seeing everyone so determined to make things right made Sona smile, feeling that things might turn out alright after all.

"All of you?" Even Sirzechs was surprised.

"Are you kidding?" Ichiban was the first to respond. "We're not giving up on her so quickly."

"That's pretty much my niece we're talking about, Sirzechs-san," Akiyama said. "There's no realm I won't go through for her."

"I owe Akane-san too much," Asia stated. "I may not be a good fighter yet, but I'll do whatever I can to help."

"She might be rude, but she's still my friend," Rias claimed. "I invited her to the festival and tournament. It's my responsibility to make sure she's safe."

"I may not have known her for long, but for the brief times we interacted, I'd say I enjoyed her company." Sairaorg nodded. "And a friend of Rias' is a friend of mine."

"Rias is right. Akane is our guest." Sona added. "What hosts would we be if we let her get kidnapped and did nothing about it?"

As more and more people expressed their support, Sona felt confident. If there were so many people ready to give it their all for her, then there was nobody that could stop them.

And if preventing the Old Satans from taking her away didn't work, then they'd just have to do the next best thing. In Akane's words, that would be beating the everloving fuck out of them so hard that they'd never do it again.

Sona had always wondered why her sister or Lord Sirzechs never did anything about them. Rizevim's claim to the throne as the son of Lucifer gave him legitimacy and immense political power, which she understood well enough. Still, she'd also thought it was stupid that they'd given him so much importance.

But admittedly, she was thrilled to be part of the group that would do something for once because even if they didn't have her anymore, they probably at least had some information regarding the Amon clan.

With Katerea Leviathan as one of their prisoners, it was only a matter of time before they found this mysterious group.

"I'm glad to see you all eager to help," Sirzechs said with a smile.

"How are we going to find her?" Mizuki questioned, speaking up for the first time. "Finding the Amon clan is almost impossible. Not even your prisoner would be any help."

"We got it covered, Mizuki-chan. I already spoke with Daigo about it, and he's funding this operation." Goro Majima said. "Only a matter of time before we find her."

"If she's on earth." She argued.

"That's why we're splitting into several groups," Serafall explained. "Each will search through every realm these Amon could be in. Including us New Satans if need be."

"Like Sirzechs said." Saejima quipped. "No stone left unturned."

"Rest assured, Mizuki-san," Sirzechs said. "I'll do everything in my power to bring her back. I swear it."

Akane's mother looked at them with conflicted emotions. She clearly didn't trust them yet, but at the same time, she seemed grateful and almost pleading. However, she didn't respond with words. Instead, she lowered her head, which, in some ways, could be interpreted as a bow of gratitude.

"When can we start?" Ichiban asked with a determined expression.

"We begin the preparations today," Majima answered. "Take a rest for now. We move tomorrow morning."

Although Ichiban, and frankly nearly everyone else, looked like they wanted to argue to move now, it was evident that they needed the rest. This battle had been exhausting not only physically but also mentally.

However, as Sirzechs was about to dismiss them, the double door of the meeting room opened, and Akane casually walked in wearing her skintight bodysuit, blinking at the group before grinning.

"Ugh, fucking finally! It feels like I've been looking around for days. You have to fire your architect, Sirzechs-san. This place is a maze." She said, closing the door behind her as she hadn't yet noticed the shock she left the group in. "So what are we talking about?"

No one said anything, which made her frown in confusion.

"What?"

Sona didn't know why, but a part of her felt like she should've seen this coming.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 172 others
Mirlnir
Nov 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 52: Growing Darkness
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Nov 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#862
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus, UWU


– Sirzechs –

"You defeated Shalba Beelzebub?" Sirzechs' eyes were wide as he asked the Yakuza Heiress, who was now sitting on one of the chairs next to her mother after her unexpected return. "On your own?"

"Uh-huh. Really, he never stood a chance when I decided to unleash my true power." She claimed with an air of arrogance. "He died groveling like a bitch."

While Sirzechs didn't quite believe that, he truly wanted to. For a bunch of murdering psychopaths that embraced 'evil', they were cowards of the highest degree. Their lives mattered to them more than anything else, and there was nothing they wouldn't do to ensure their own safety, even if it meant begging and throwing away their pride in the process.

They didn't believe in evil. They were just selfish, following the twisted ideals of the original Lucifer because it benefited them. They were arrogant and unwilling to change for the better. That was the core idea behind these 'Old Satans'.

The only person who actually believed and embraced the evil of Lucifer's design was Rizevim. The madman who had laughed in the face of death countless times. The rest? Fakers who were angry that Devils couldn't toy with the lives of other races anymore.

But he digressed. Whatever Akane had done to defeat Shalba, she must've been fortunate.

"Haha, Emo-chan is so amazing!" Serafall snickered as the rest of her friends sighed or groaned. "She's so fun~!"

"She'd never miss a chance to toot her own horn even if it killed her," Sona said in exasperation. "What really happened, Akane?"

"Well, like I said before, he kidnapped me to that weird dimension, and considering the power difference, I thought it was over." She shrugged. "So I did what I do best and fought as hard as I could, trying to buy as much time as possible. I thought maybe someone would figure out a way to get me out of there before I die."

"But how did you beat him?" Ichiban asked.

"Shush, let me finish." She hushed him like a child, making his eye twitch in annoyance. "So, thankfully, the guy is a huge moron, and because he's a moron, he tried to toy with me and mess around, thinking he had already won. Lucky for me, that funny power-up had a drawback, and his body started breaking down after some time."

"His body broke down?" Majima raised a brow. "Whaddya mean?"

"He suddenly lost most of his strength and started convulsing and screaming in pain." She clarified. "So I just killed him. After kicking him around for a bit. Y'know, for revenge."

"Is that so?" Sirzechs hummed, glancing at Akane's mother. "Isn't that what you said happened with Diodora?"

This also surprised him. So, the mole who had made it easy for the Old Satans was Diodora? It was frustrating to hear. How could they let something like this go unnoticed right under their noses?

Of course, politically, it isn't that much of a problem that Diodora died since Latia Astaroth can replace him. But more than that, it was greatly saddening to Sirzechs. A young devil just had his life taken away because he had been manipulated by the Old Satans and their false promises of power. Just how many more would need to die for these monsters to stop their ludicrous ideology?

Sirzechs had had enough. They needed to be wiped out once and for all for the betterment of everyone.

"Yes," Mizuki confirmed with a nod. "His body couldn't handle the constant and endless energy supply. A power like that will always come at a price."

"Hmm…" Ajuka's eyes narrowed. "Shalba is in an entirely different league. I'd expect more than a few minutes for him to collapse."

"…Are you saying my daughter's lying?" Mizuki scowled, making Sirzechs and Serafall tense. "Is that what I'm hearing?"

"Not at all. I'm sure your daughter is telling the truth." He responded curtly. "I'm saying this doesn't feel right. I'm only surprised at how convenient the timing was. Almost like it was planned."

"To be fair, before that, we were kinda thrashing him around pretty hard," Akane said before Mizuki could angrily respond, looking at Sona. "Weren't we?"

"While it was rather close, she's right. We were winning the battle before he activated the snake's power." Sona nodded. "Not to say he was on the verge of death before he took off, but he was sufficiently damaged."

That seemed to have convinced Ajuka as he simply silently nodded, accepting Sona's account.

"That doesn't explain how you got out of there, though," Akiyama said, bringing up a good point. "What happened next?"

"Right, well, I killed Shalba, then this man in black showed up. Leader of the Amon clan, he called himself." Akane continued, prompting Mizuki to inhale sharply. "He offered me the chance to join them."

"Huh?" Ichiban blinked. "But why would he?"

"I guess because I'm related to them?" She shrugged, unintentionally shocking almost everyone present. "Or something like that. Though, let's be honest: everyone wants me to join their team. I mean, have you met me? I'm beautiful, strong, intelligent, rich, and charismatic. I'm literally perfect. If I'm on your side, you're simply destined to win."

Everyone was looking at Akane in surprise, except for the older humans. Akiyama grimaced, and Mizuki shuffled nervously while Majima snorted in amusement. Saejima, on the other hand, rubbed his forehead with a sigh, prompting Sirzechs to realize that wasn't supposed to be public knowledge.

Eventually, Akane recognized everyone's stares, frowning in confusion.

"What?"

"How do you know you're related to them?" Serafall asked.

"Huh? Well, that's because…" Akane paused, realizing her mistake as she glanced at her own mother. "Ah…"

"No point in hidin' it," Majima said. "Mizuki-chan used to be one of 'em. Akane-chan is Amon in blood."

Mizuki looked increasingly anxious and ashamed as everyone looked at her. This explained a lot of things in their past. When he'd met Mizuki for the first time, it was after she had already married Tatsu, so there was no mention of 'Amon' in any of their interactions.

But at the same time, she was unbelievably skilled in battle. She wasn't exactly powerful, which he knew was because of the seal on her magic due to her pregnancy, but when it came to skill, she was in an entirely different league.

Surpassing warriors with hundreds of years of experience and training. It had always eluded him, and when he got curious enough to investigate — which, in hindsight, was pretty rude to do — he had wound up with nothing, only that she was a descendant of Yokai.

Nothing about the Amon. That entire part of her life was ultimately blank.

So that's why… Sirzechs thought. It makes me wonder how she and Tatsu met.

Because it was evident that she felt ashamed of her heritage.

"Wait, the other day, when Kokabiel attacked Kuoh…" Ichiban added. "The guy who called himself your cousin—"

"—wasn't lying." Akane nodded. "Guess that makes their leader my uncle. Pretty cool, ain't it?"

"I don't know if being related to what appears to be the human version of the Old Satans is cool…" Rias pointed out. "But at least you're not like them? That's pretty cool, in my opinion."

"So you don't just have the blood of yokai, but also that of super assassins?" Ichiban rubbed his neck. "That's so unfair. Next, you're telling me you have dragon blood."

"Didn't I tell you, Ichi?" Akane smirked. "I'm the main character, and fate works in my favor. The universe is centered around me."

Sirzechs felt himself smile in amusement as Serafall giggled, liking the yakuza princess' absolute confidence in herself. Or, well, her exaggerated sense of self-importance. She was one of a kind— usually, people with such arrogance wouldn't be so popular with others.

"Getting back on track—" Akiyama said. "You refused the offer, right?"

"What do you think? Those dickwads hurt my mom, and you think I'd join them?" She snorted. "I told him to go fuck himself and find a hole he could die in."

Although her response was rather vulgar, Mizuki looked very touched by her daughter's claim. Her nervous expression changed into a soft, thankful smile, and she was almost on the verge of bursting into tears.

"And he just took that and did nothin' else?" Saejima asked. "He didn't try to take you by force?"

"Nope. I guess he knew the consequences of pissing me off. Clearly. Heh." Akane responded, continuing her self-worship. "What? I'm not joking. I would've been a total nightmare for him and his shitty clan out of pure spite. He knew that and got scared, so he kicked me out of the dimension instead."

That explained it. Honestly, Sirzechs had been serious when he'd said he was preparing to search high and low for her no matter what. She was the daughter of an old friend, heiress to one of the most powerful families of the Tojo clan, friend of Rias, and an honored guest.

Letting the Old Satans and the Amon get away with kidnapping her wasn't going to happen. It was out of duty and principle— he had been ready to do everything in his power to get her back. He didn't care about Rizevim or his claim as Lucifer's true heir, and he didn't care how strong those Amon assassins were.

Sirzechs had been prepared for a rescue mission that could, at worst, take years, only for the girl in question to open the door, close it behind her, and sit next to her mother as if nothing had happened.

…Thinking back on it, that had honestly been really funny. No wonder the Mad Dog had been dying of laughter.

"Haha! Akane-chan really is a carbon copy of her dad!" Majima chortled. "Tatsu-chan would be so proud hearin' that!"

"Using spite as fuel… Emo-chan's going after my heart." Serafall nodded in approval. "I respect it."

As everyone started bantering with each other, Sirzechs felt at ease. It was strange, in a way. There was this air of comfort that came with Akane's return. Relief at her being safe he could get, but the girl's presence had an oddly calming effect that affected even him.

"I guess that explains everything," Sirzechs said after a moment. "Mhm, I suppose that'll be all for today. Once again, from the bottom of my heart, I thank everyone here for valiantly defending Lucifaad in our stead, even if it wasn't your responsibility. Your bravery today will be forever remembered.

"For your safety, you will be spending the night here. If you wish to explore the palace, you're free to do so." He quickly added. "But please, do not leave the palace's perimeters unless you're with someone else. Dismissed."

"Wait, before that, I have one question," Akane said, looking at him. "What's going to happen tomorrow? Are we going to continue the tournament, or…?"

"The tournament is canceled." He answered.

Her visible eye twitched, and Sirzechs could've sworn he felt a shift in her magic caused by overwhelming fury that disappeared as quickly as it appeared, but he ignored it in favor of her question.

It was probably in his imagination.

"Why?"

"…What do you mean, why?"

"Why cancel it?" She reiterated. "There's only the finals remaining. Isn't it kind of a waste?"

"We were just under siege by the Old Satans', Emo-chan," Serafall answered.

"So? Why should that stop the rest of the tournament?" Akane responded. "I mean, forgive my insolence or whatever, but don't you think that makes you look kinda pathetic?"

"Pardon?" Serafall frowned.

"Akane…" Saejima muttered with a warning tone.

"Oi!" Ichiban looked at her nervously. "What are you doing?!"

"Tsk, hear me out for a second." She said casually. "If you stop the tournament here, directly before the finals, you'd give the impression that the Old Satans did massive damage."

Everyone waited for her to finish.

"When in reality, that couldn't be furthest from the truth. Hell, you beat them back so hard there were zero civilian casualties. Your defense was flawless." She continued. "Shalba Beelzebub is dead, and whatshername Leviathan is captured, so why give the belief that they were damaging in any capacity?"

"I… think I can see where you're going with this," Sona muttered before smiling with a nod. "Classic. I should've expected this from you."

Sirzechs understood her as well. This could be a significant opportunity to utterly humiliate the Old Satans, especially with two of their leaders dead or incapacitated. Many of their supporters might back down and abandon them, rapidly dwindling their forces.

"My point is, continuing the tournament would be the ultimate fuck you to the Old Satans," Akane added with a smirk. "It would make them appear weak and impotent despite having help from two factions and the infinity dragon. Really, if I was in that position, I might just kill myself."

"Ruthless." Majima grinned. "So, Sirzechs-san? Don't tell me yer gonna waste this chance to get back at 'em?"

"Not at all. Ms. Akane makes an excellent point." Sirzechs smiled. "Very well. I, Satan Lucifer, hereby declare that the tournament will go on. Rias Gremory versus Sona Sitri will commence tomorrow morning. The match will be streamed live for free on Devilnet for everyone to watch."

The younger generation present in the room all cheered in joy, excited to show the world an incredible show. As for the adults, while not sharing the young's enthusiasm, they were still happy to end the meeting on a much more positive note than expected.

"I suppose nobody's been more excited about this tournament than you, Ms. Akane," Sirzechs said, looking at her. "I'm surprised."

"Oh, don't take this the wrong way, but I REALLY just wanna beat up your sister."

"Why?!" Rias bemoaned. "What did I do?!"

"What you did was take this tournament more seriously than your match against Riser."

"You're STILL mad about that?!"

It turned out that this invasion had been much more beneficial to their cause than Sirzechs had thought.





– Akane –

I really thought I fucked up there. I almost lost that quest before I had a chance to complete it. And honestly? I'd have nobody to blame but myself. After all, I knew about the attack, so at best, I could've left Sirzechs an anonymous tip to avoid showing my real tech to others.

But because I'm a genius, powerful woman who is always three billion steps ahead of the peasants, I managed a save. So not only did I get Shalba's soul, but the tournament will continue, and I'm winning that and earning the seven thousand stat points. Couldn't have done it better even if I tried.

God, I LOVE it when things go my way. Everything I had planned either went without a hitch, or I somehow ended up in an even better position. And here was Ichi trying to sound all wise and shit, saying something about 'oH pErFeCtiOn iSn'T aChiEvAbLe' or whatever the fuck it was.

But here I am, casually proving it like nothing. I'd boast about it and hold it over him till the end of time if it wouldn't make me so suspicious. Guess I'll have to enjoy that triumphant feeling by myself.

"Quite the silver tongue you have, my dear." The dead devil king compliments. "You've even had me convinced."

And Lucifer, I guess. But he's cool. He understands.

"It came at the cost of your followers looking like idiots, though," I respond as I lower my cigarette, a puff of smoke leaving my mouth. "Sorry about that."

I glance at the decimated city from the balcony, leaning my back against the tall fence after a nice, long shower. Sheesh, they really did a number on this place. It used to look really nice with that medieval aesthetic. Even the coliseum was half-destroyed.

Honestly, a part of me wishes I saw the battle with my own eyes. I've never been in a big fight like that. It must've been exciting. And let's be honest, if I were here when shit got down, the city would be in pristine condition right now.

However, beyond an exciting battle, I heard about the nanotech. It's a huge shame that I couldn't get any samples because the yakuza were already here when I got back. Though, I had Nemesis analyze the destroyed bits from afar.

But without a sample, It'll take him a while to understand and reverse-engineer their inner workings. It's not impossible. It'll just take him months.

Speaking of Nemesis…

I feel myself smirk as I get notified of someone's particular location by a few of my spy bots. I already have all the tools I need to do what I want to, but it's still risky. I'll have to wait until it's late to try something like this.

But if it works, it's going to be so worth it. I knew making these spider bots was a good idea. I don't think I would've found the place as efficiently without them.

…Spider spy bots.

Spyder bots.

My intelligence is infinite.

I then look at the hallway a few stairs down off the open balcony, each door leading to a spare bedroom. Beside every one of those doors are either expensive-looking vases or ancient paintings that you'd find in museums.

It's an entirely different vibe from the resort we were given. That looked very modern compared to this ancient relic of a building. I am not saying it's terrible— if anything, the palace looks genuinely beautiful inside and out.

Though, if I had one criticism, it would be how confusing it is. It took ages to find the meeting room even though I could sense everyone.

…Some of the guards got lost looking for Sirzechs when they saw me. Which was honestly pretty fucking funny.

"Oh, I couldn't care less, frankly speaking." Lucifer waves it off. "It's not the faction I used to know. These descendants seem… unfit to be leaders of our tenets."

Wow. Is he calling them worthless? Just how different was the devil faction back then?

"Though, I am interested to see what became of Rizevim," He adds. "He was a mere child last I saw him. Why, I remember tucking him in bed and telling him a story before confronting my father in our final bout."

I tilt my head at him and frown in confusion.

"…Are you for real?"

"It's the truth." He says with a smile. I'm still not sure if he's messing around or not. "Would you like to hear that story?"

I pause as Nemesis warns me of an approaching presence through the HUD projected by my lenses.

"Maybe later," I whisper, making him chuckle.

"Of course. Another time, then." He replies, disappearing into the aether as Ichiban exits one of the rooms, smiling once he spots me.

"Yo, Akane." He waves, walking up to me. "I thought you were with the others. What are you doing here?"

"Getting fresh air," I answer. "You know, even though we're in literal hell, the weather's surprisingly nice."

"Heh, right?" He agrees with a grin. "The water isn't boiling either. I had the best cold shower of my life."

"I thought you preferred warm showers?"

"I do, but after a battle like that?" He snorts. "An ice bath would've been great too."

"Oh? So you wouldn't mind if I did this?"

I point at his ear and cast a breeze of frosty air, making him jump back with a surprised yelp.

"Hey!" He complains, making me laugh at his response. "Stop it. God, you're so annoying."

"Your reactions are always so worth it." I giggle.

"Yeah, whatever." He scoffs. "Let's just go and meet up with the others. Rias was talking about a game night before we split up."

"Of course she was." I roll my eyes, freezing the stick of cigarette into icy particles and walking through the palace's hallways beside him. "So, think there's gonna be any video games?"

"Yeah, she said something about Mario Party."

"Of all games…" I sigh. "Of course, she picks the luck-based one."

"Hey, there's a bunch of skill involved in it." He disagrees. "Like in the mini-games and stuff."

"Unless it's a two-vs-two, and you're paired with a moron," I argue with a scoff. "Better yet, landing on a Bowser space and getting your fucking stars stolen. Is that skill?"

Ichiban opens his mouth to continue the argument, realizes I'm 100% correct, and promptly shuts up. I fucking hate that game so much. Not even rage games with the sole purpose of pissing me off could draw such intense emotions from me. I stole that star fair and square, you turtle bitch.

The fucker that designed that game deserves to burn in hell. Super hell— whatever the fuck.

I hate Chance Time. So much.

"Fair enough." He concedes.

As we continue discussing which games are good for parties and which are perfect for ruining friendships, during our walk, we encounter Grayfia, who I would've ignored had I not seen her throwing me a glare for some reason.

It's like she's looking at me like I'm an insect. So much contempt that I, had I been a lesser woman, would've flinched. But really, all she accomplished is pissing me off as I glare back at her, stopping before we pass each other.

"What?" I ask, wanting her to instigate things. She looks dumb enough to start a problem first. "Is everything okay, Grayfia?"

I resist smirk as her expression twitches, showing a hint of anger at me for casually using her first name. But why wouldn't I? After all, she's just a servant here. Calling her the wife of Sirzechs would be doing her a favor. She's nothing but his concubine or mistress.

She never deserved my respect, and her shitty attitude isn't helping her case.

She doesn't respond, content with glowering at me as if I had insulted her whole family tree. Ichiban notices the tense atmosphere, getting confused.

"Uh…" He rubs his neck awkwardly, not knowing what to say.

"…Whatever." I grab Ichi's hand. "Let's just go."

The moment we pass her, Grayfia speaks.

"I just can't see it." She says, making me stop. "You defeated Shalba?"

What a moron.

I pause and turn around to face her.

"What's so shocking about that?" I raise a brow. "I already said I got lucky when the snake power bit him in the ass."

"Ridiculous." She scoffs. "Shalba's not an idiot. He'd know that energy came at a price. I think you're lying."

I narrow my eyes at her accusation but say nothing. It's not like she has any proof, so it's not worth arguing for my case. She can believe me or not, I don't give a fuck.

"Besides, even without it, I doubt a human like you would pose a threat." She adds. "I don't know what Lord Lucifer thought when he invited you lot to participate…"

Being called weak by this bitch of all people admittedly got under my skin, but I managed to keep my composure pretty well. Honestly, she might be pretty powerful all things considered, but I could take her on.

Checking her stats tells me that, while she's stronger than Shalba, she's weaker than him when he activated the snake. And both are still less powerful than Kokabiel. After my most recent power-up, I doubt I'd need Excelsis to put her in her place.

She's of no consequence, even if, for some odd reason, she tries to attack me right now. So knowing that, I give her a smug smirk, walk up to one of the vases next to a room…

And casually push it off right in front of her.

Her expression turns into one of pure shock as the vase shatters upon hitting the ground, stupified that I'd have the audacity to do such a thing. Even Ichiban's eyes go as wide as saucers, too stunned to speak.

"Oops." I giggle. "My hand slipped. Sorry~"

"You impudent child…!" Grayfia snarls, fists clenching in rage. "How dare you?!"

"I said I'm sorry. Sheesh, what's gotten your panties in a twist?" I taunt her with a grin. "Though let's be honest, that vase was ugly anyway. I did you a favor, if anything."

As she flares up her magic, Ichi tenses and immediately gets in front of her, eyes narrowing dangerously. The stupid bitch maid bares her teeth at him but doesn't make a move, knowing that starting a fight here would be a very dumb thing to do.

Not only because we're beating her ass, but the political ramifications would be immense on her part. The head maid of Sirzechs — also his wife, but I doubt anyone sees her more than a powerful trophy — starting a fight with a couple of teenagers? Especially one who went after a harrowing and scawy kidnapping attempt?

Even if we were the ones who started it, she'd be in deep shit regardless. Because as I've claimed before, I'm a very good actress. She fucked up the moment she took my bait.

Should've been a good little bitch maid and shut her whore mouth.

Wanting to pour fuel on the fire, I gently push Ichi to the side, making eye contact with her.

"Besides, what are you gonna do about it anyway?" I ask mockingly. "It's not like you're gonna attack me or anything, are you?"

"Once Lord Lucifer hears about this—"

"Oh, spare me the ridiculous threats. Go snitch for all I care." I cut her off, linking my arm with Ichiban's. "I have a witness saying you started this by accusing me of lying and calling me weak. You're the only one getting in trouble for this. At worst, I'm getting a slap on the wrist."

Grayfia only grows angrier at my response, knowing I'm right. But of course I am. She's an idiot who still thinks devils are superior, even though we've been crushing the competition during the tournament, even though I killed Shalba.

I guess she's allergic to critical thinking or something.

"I think you're going way too far, Akane," Ichiban whispers. "This isn't worth it. Let's just leave."

"You're right. She looks like she's about to burst into tears." I respond loudly, still staring at her. "Let's go. We don't wanna be late."

With that, I turn my heel and walk away with Ichi in hand, leaving the fuming Grayfia alone to clean up the mess I left like the brainless slut she is.

-70 Reputation with Grayfia Lucifage [-90/100]

Worth it.





– Sona –

"What the hell are you doing?!"

Sona winced at her childhood friend's scream, frowning in mild annoyance as she saw her, Ichiban, Sairaorg, and Kuisha playing their game together, standing right in front of the screen. She was never a fan of video games and never played them in her spare time, but she could tell that Rias and Kasuga were in a team against the other two.

And whatever it was they were doing, they were losing horribly.

"Is this the first time you've ever played a game?!" Rias scowled at her teammate. "How hard is it to spam-press a button?!"

"I'm fucking trying!" Ichiban responded in equal annoyance and panic, pressing one button over and over. "I'm telling you, the controller's busted!"

Sona then looked at the screen, which was split into two, and showed each team trying to destroy boulders before the other team. So far, Sai and Kuisha were slightly ahead, and unlike the other two, they were pretty calm.

Sona didn't understand what the fuss was about, but Rias had always been incredibly competitive, so her reaction was expected. Stressing out her partner and insulting him for losing was pretty rude, though.

"What's so fun about this game again?" Sona asked.

"It's not supposed to be fun," Akane responded. "It exists to test your friendship. And people usually don't pass the test."

"I see…" She responded with a sigh.

Sona glanced down at her lap, face glowing red as she saw Akane lying her head on it. The yakuza princess didn't seem to care as she was busy with her phone, but this surprised the devil a lot.

Once the two humans entered the room, Kasuga immediately picked up a controller and sat in front of the TV, but Akane didn't seem to care about playing as she sat next to Sona on the couch.

Then, after a few minutes, she decided to lie down and use Sona's lap as her pillow.

The Sitri devil was frozen. She couldn't even get a chance to get off until it became too awkward to move. So now she was stuck giving her crush a lap pillow without her own consent.

Though, she didn't mind it all that much.

"Haha, well done, Kuisha!" Sai said with a boisterous laugh, high-fiving his partner as the game ended. "That was quite the challenge!"

"These games are so much fun." She giggled. "Perhaps it's worth buying our own console?"

"True. It might help in our team-building exercise." Her King agreed with a nod.

"Wow." Rias scoffed, throwing Ichiban a side-eye. "So much for being the Red Dragon Emperor. Can't even press buttons correctly."

"It's your controller that's broken!" He claimed. "You have all the money in the world, but you can't even get a proper working one?!"

"Excuses!" She argued. "You're bad at this game and I had to suffer for it, stupid!"

"Shut up!"

Rias blew a raspberry, calling him an idiot again before they started bickering. Sona found the scene both amusing and exasperating, but she didn't want to get in between the squabble, so she let them be.

Honestly, after today, they deserve to act their age. Things had been too stressful, from suddenly getting invaded to one of their friends nearly getting kidnapped. It wasn't something Sona wished to experience ever again.

It was a miracle that everything had worked out in the end, even avoiding the tournament getting canceled. But just because everything was okay now didn't mean Sona didn't feel less than adequate about herself.

Because at the end of the day, Akane had only managed to get away out of sheer luck. If she wasn't so lucky, they'd be scrambling around to find her, worried sick for her safety. All because Sona hadn't been strong enough to stop Shalba from snatching her away.

Despite what Kasuga had told her before, she still felt it was her responsibility. That whole situation felt so avoidable if Sona had just been better. Anyone stronger than her could've prevented Shalba from kidnapping Akane.

But not her.

Because she was too weak.

It made Sona disgusted with herself. She was so frustrated and angry that her weakness had nearly made a loved one disappear forever. And she knew that there was no excuse— Akane herself had said it back after the battle with Kokabiel.

They shouldn't need a warning to prepare for the worst. Surprises like this invasion could happen at any moment, so to hide behind the excuse of 'we couldn't have known' sounded counterproductive. They shouldn't have to know.

Sona now fully understood what Akane had been saying back then. Initially, she'd thought the yakuza princess was being too harsh on herself, but she was 100% right. They had to be better than that.

Sona had felt safe and secure because, even if something wrong did happen, the Satans were right there to help them, but after today… she knew it was wrong to rely on them like this. This was not to say that they were useless or terrible leaders, but depending on someone to hold their hands through every struggle was wrong.

The more she thought about her own failure, the angrier she felt. She couldn't let this happen again, no matter what.

"What's wrong?" Akane suddenly asked, making her flinch. "You feel like you're about to blow up."

"I–" Sona quickly calmed herself with a deep breath. "…No, it's nothing. Just… thinking to myself."

Akane stared up at her for a moment before returning her attention to her phone. This wasn't the time to be thinking about such a thing. Not when she was surrounded by so many people.

"Hey, I was wondering…" Sona said, lowering her voice. "You never really explained how we're going to defeat Rias tomorrow."

Akane chuckled.

"It's simple." She said. "I take care of Ichi; you take care of Rias."

"Yes, I get the gist of it, but it seems too close for even you to act so confident." The Sitri devil responded. "You know we'd lose if Kasuga got past you, and your armor has been destroyed. How do you plan on keeping him busy?"

"You think the armor was supposed to be the key to our victory?" Akane raised a brow. "Please, I'm not stupid enough to put all my eggs in one basket. I still have a secret weapon I didn't tell anyone about."

Now, this was interesting.

"And what could that be?"

"Not telling~" Her partner smirked. "The less the people know about it, the better. Don't worry; it might not outright defeat him, but it'll keep him distracted long enough for you to beat Rias."

She seemed very sure of herself, but despite Akane's arrogance, it was almost always for a very good reason, so she trusted her partner and refrained from asking too much. Though, Sona looked forward to it.

Was it another mechanical tool she hid in her back pocket? A spell she'd been working on? Sona didn't know. She'd have to wait and see what the yakuza princess was saving up.

"That leads to my other concern," Sona added. "Rias and I are too equally matched. How are you so sure I'll defeat her? I don't wish to sound negative, but she knows it too, so I'm not sure what I should be expecting on the battlefield."

Akane chuckled again before suddenly bouncing off the couch, beckoning for Sona to follow her outside the large living room. She blinked, looked around, and noticed that a certain white-haired nekomata could hear her. Then, she exited the room.

She closed the door behind her and followed Akane far enough away that nobody could possibly hear them.

"The reason why I know you'll win…" Akane started, opening her fist to show Sona what she was holding. "…is because you'll be using this."

Sona's eyes widened as she recognized the multiple small spherical devices in Akane's hand. Personally, she had never seen one before, but she'd heard Serafall talking about it before. It was one of the yakuza's most helpful weapons.

"Since when did you get this?" Sona asked, still surprised.

"The morning before we got to Lucifaad," Akane responded with a grin. "I know the yakuza made this stuff, so I asked Majima for it. Why not, right?"

"I… I see." The Sitri devil frowned in thought. "You really are prepared for everything…"

Sona had started to seriously admire that about her.

"But wait, why didn't you use this against Shalba?" Sona asked. "This could've helped us deliver a decisive blow."

"And reveal my secret weapon?" Akane pouted. "No way!"

"Are you serious?! We could've died!"

"Did we?"

"But you could've—" Sona immediately realized that there was no winning the argument when Akane gave her that damned smirk. "…Whatever. I'm not going to question it."

"You shouldn't." Her crush nodded as their secret weapon disappeared off her hand, going to her inexplicable dimension storage thing. "Now, are you confident you're winning?"

"So much it feels like we're cheating." Sona huffed. "But outside weapons are allowed, so tough luck for Rias."

"Exactly~"

This was a lifesaver. Having something like that in her possession would make the battle way too easy. She just had to find the perfect opportunity to use it.

Rias didn't stand a chance.





– Mizuki –

As she gazed at the running water from the faucet, she could feel her head spinning, almost to the point of dizziness, prompting her to emit a quiet hiss of discomfort. With unsteady hands, she splashed her face multiple times, shakily exhaling as she sensed something lodged in her throat, causing her breath to catch and making it challenging to breathe properly.

Mizuki felt a burning sensation in her eyes as she gently rubbed them with her fingers. As she gazed at her reflection, the soft light revealed that her hair hadn't reverted to its original black color. However, it wasn't just her hair that caught her attention. A closer look at her face revealed the subtle yet unmistakable signs of stress that had etched themselves onto her features.

"Makes me look so old…" She chuckled mirthlessly.

Her smile quickly dropped as she looked down, seeing the blood on her hands that couldn't be cleaned. Ever since she'd killed Diodora, she'd been feeling utter misery. Her head was pounding; the ringing in her ears hadn't stopped yet, and…

"Why the long face, Rin?"

When she gazed into the mirror once more, her father's smiling visage greeted her. Each time she wrestled with her thoughts and the weight of her actions, he would materialize, a constant reminder of her past. The burden of guilt for the terrible deeds she had perpetrated as 'Rin' weighed heavily on her, and he was always there, serving as a haunting specter, insinuating that she had carried out those actions with a smile on her face.

To tell her that she could never change, no matter what she did. Mizuki had grown to ignore it over time, and eventually, he'd stopped showing up. It had made her think that she was healing, that she was proving him wrong, and that she could change for the better.

"That is until today." He chuckled. "When was the last time you actually killed someone? Eighteen years? Nineteen?"

Mizuki said nothing, looking down at her blood-stained hands once more. Images of her victims would flash in her mind, making her feel the bile rising up her throat before she swallowed it with a grimace. Her closed fists shook as her father continued talking.

"Nearly two decades, free of killing. What a milestone~" He said. "Not even our noncombatants made it that long, you know?"

Once again, she said nothing, taking deep breaths as the ringing grew louder.

"But just like a drug addict, you do it one more time, and you've immediately fallen back to your old ways as if all those years meant nothing. It's hilarious." He continued mocking her. "I wonder what Tatsu would think about his beloved wife finding pleasure in killing again?"

The mention of her husband made her grit her teeth in anger, but she quickly calmed herself down, knowing the truth about this… hallucination that had haunted her for so many years.

"You're not real. Not even a ghost." She panted. "The real Sou was probably reincarnated already. You don't even act like him."

"Oh, congratulations, you've finally figured it out." He snorted. "But tell me, Rin. If I'm not him, then what am I?"

Mizuki refused to answer him, splashing her face with water before wiping it away with a towel. She didn't make eye contact with the hallucination as she turned around, opening the door and exiting the bathroom.

"And once again, despite everything that happened, you refuse to confront it." She heard him say before she closed the door behind her. "You'll never change, no matter how hard you try."

As she closed the door, this time, she heard her own voice echo within her mind.

"You'll forever be a coward, Mizuki."

Mizuki steadied herself against the bathroom door, her chest rising and falling with each deep, calming breath. A soft knock resonated from the door that connected to the hallway, prompting her to shake her head in exasperation as the persistent ringing slowly subsided.

"Better a coward than a monster." She muttered.

With that claim, Mizuki opened the door of her room, cracking a small smile as she saw Akiyama standing behind it, holding two cups of coffee.

"Here." He said, offering her one.

"Thanks." She responded, taking it. "God knows I'm not having any sleep tonight."

That made Akiyama frown.

"…How are you feeling?" He asked.

"Better." She answered. "…Relatively speaking. It's… it's hard to say."

"Is it?"

"I-I thought I'd feel a lot better if I saw Akane, but…" Mizuki sighed, rubbing the bridge of her nose. "That didn't help as much as I hoped."

Admittedly, when Akane had made that claim about the Amon hurting her, it temporarily made all her worries and guilt disappear. Truth be told, Mizuki almost started sobbing right there and then, but she couldn't do that and embarrass them both.

She adored her daughter with all her heart. She felt immense pride for her daughter's courageous decision to reject the Amon and uphold what she knew was right. Akane was unlike them; she was not a cold-blooded killer.

Mizuki and Tatsu had raised her right, and seeing it in front of her own two eyes made her feel elated. If only he had been here to see it…

God, she missed him so much.

…But being proud of her daughter had nothing to do with the guilt she felt over her actions. That was an entirely different problem. Her problem. Something she was cursed to live with for the rest of her life. Her divine punishment for her misdeeds as the monster she used to be.

"I see," Akiyama said. "I'm not going to pretend to understand what you're going through, Mizuki-san, but don't you think you're being too hard on yourself?"

I think I haven't been hard enough. She thought, sipping from her coffee.

Mizuki had never deserved to escape the torment of growing up in a destructive family of monsters. She'd never deserved to feel the warmth of genuine love coursing through her veins. She'd never deserved to meet a compassionate and devoted husband or to experience the joy of motherhood with her wonderful child.

Because… What about everyone she'd killed? Had they deserved to die? Hadn't they deserved to live their lives, too? It wasn't fair.

"You did everything you had to do to survive. You said you spared Diodora before he tried to launch a suicide attack." He continued. "Avoiding unnecessary killing is noble, I understand. But that's the thing, you had to."

"No, that's not it, Akiyama. You misunderstand me." She chuckled. "I'm not afraid of killing. I'm willing to kill if it means protecting Akane or myself."

"Then why…?"

Her false smile dropped.

"…I'm scared of enjoying it." She answered, her hands trembling. "I'm so terrified of going back to the person I used to be. That blood-stained path of senseless violence leads to nowhere but misery."

Mizuki was filled with fear at the thought of her daughter following in the same footsteps. The idea of Akane heading down that path was extremely frightening to her, and she was willing to sacrifice anything to ensure that she didn't end up like those people. She firmly believed that if Akane did, she would inevitably experience deep anguish, and be unable to lead a satisfying life.

"And it's not something that can be helped. It's always there, in the back of my mind, asking me what's one more corpse." She added, seeing her distorted reflection in the coffee. "Even after nearly two decades. It'll never go away."

She glanced up at him.

"…I'm fine with it, you know?" She gave him a strained smile. "It's something that only I can grapple with. I mean, not even quitting or having a child helped."

"...I see. I think I understand you a little better now." He nodded. "If it's something you think only you can handle, then I have no place telling you what you should and shouldn't do."

"It's fine; I know you're just trying to help." She shrugged. "I appreciate it, Akiyama. I really do."

He smiled back at her, and then his phone started ringing. He took it out and then sighed as he saw the notification.

"Well, probably should go back to work now." He said.

"Ah, right, your search for that stranger," Mizuki recalled. "So you're not staying for the finals tomorrow?"

"I wish I could, but I don't want to anger Shiva-sama." He responded. "He's already asking for a report."

"Eh?! And you were spending all of yesterday and today messin' around?!" She grinned cheekily. "Uh-oh, looks like somebody is in trouble~"

"I'm sure he'd understand." Akiyama snorted, pocketing his phone. "I'll be around in Japan. If you need anything, call me."

"Sure, sure!" Mizuki waved as he walked away. "Bye-bye, Akiyama!"

He waved back before he was engulfed in flames, using Suzaku's power to teleport back to Earth. Mizuki's smile dropped as he left, looking at her reflection on the coffee once again before exhaling deeply.

"…Majima."

The Mad Dog's presence shifted, appearing next to her.

"Can I ask you a favor?"

Majima waited for her to finish.

"If I ever turn into that person again…"

She looked at him pleadingly.

"Can I count on you to kill me?"





– Katerea –

In a dimly lit, musty cell located deep within one of the devils' many dungeons, she furiously struggled to remove the enchanted restraints that were suppressing her powers. Her frustration was evident as she gritted her teeth and emitted a low, primal growl while exerting all her might in an attempt to break free. Despite her efforts, the cuffs remained immovable, disabling her ability to access the immense power of the Infinite Dragon. The source of these inhibitors remained a mystery to Katerea.

Not even her physical strength as devil helped, as whatever this was didn't just block her magic, it also weakened her significantly. She was barely stronger than a Low-class weakling in this state, and it humiliated her. How dare they do this to her? Didn't they know who she was?

Being left in a disgusting cell… They'd pay for this. She swore it on the devil king's name. All of them would be begging her for mercy when she got out of here—especially that freelancer human scum. The only thing that had saved him was his stupid Sacred Gear.

But that was the case with all these humans. They were only ever lucky because they had these artifacts gifted to them. Without it, they'd still be those pitiful, defenseless creatures that were only fit to serve as bootlickers for superior races.

Luck. That's all there was going for them. Pure, dumb luck.

Frustrated, Katerea once again tried to remove the restraints, but she couldn't. The rattling of the metal chains echoed through the dark prison as she tried to smash them against the wall. Once again, it was no use, but she wasn't giving up now. She refused to give up.

Damn you, Shalba. She growled. Where did you go?! What happened to you?!

Indeed. Her partner, whom she had been relying on to save their invasion, had simply vanished off the face of the underworld after he'd kidnapped the Amamiya girl. Katerea still didn't know what could've happened to him. It was a simple mission of taking the girl where the Amon could abduct her without trouble and come back as fast as possible.

How was that complicated? Had he wanted to mess with the girl before coming back, and simply lost track of time? But that wasn't like him. Shalba had always been practical and efficient at his work, so unless the girl had somehow pissed him off to elicit such a strong reaction from him, then he shouldn't have taken so much time to return.

Had he been defeated? Katerea thought before shaking her head. No. The girl was strong but not strong enough.

Because even Katerea was confident enough she could defeat Tatsu Amamiya's whelp on her own, and Shalba was much more powerful than her, as much as she hated to admit it. There was no conceivable way that he'd lose to that yokai brat, Amon or not.

So, what could've happened there? Had Shalba abandoned the invasion after they learned of Akane's involvement in the tournament? She was important to the Amon clan, yes, but to such a degree that they'd cast aside their own mission of destroying the New Satans in one fell swoop? But they had all the tools they needed! Why would her partner do such a thing?!

…Unless it wasn't for him to decide…?

Katerea's heart sank as realization slowly dawned on her.

We were betrayed. She thought, falling on her rear in despair. The Amon clan… This is their doing, isn't it?

That was the only thing that could explain it. Wherever Shalba had brought the brat, the Amon clan had been there to ambush him. And while she felt confident in her partner, he didn't stand a chance against their leader.

Not when said leader was as strong as Rizevim.

They'd probably killed him and taken the girl, weakening the Old Satans while bolstering themselves in a single move. So that was what they had been hoping for, wasn't it? The bastards. The Old Satans had been so distracted by Ophis' blessing and the robot army gifted to them that they didn't realize they were being played like a fiddle.

The Amon had struck before the Old Satans could, and this was where it had gotten them.

"Bastards…" Katerea snarled. "I should've known…"

"That you'd get your dumbass beat?"

Her eye twitched in annoyance as she spotted Serafall smirking at her on the other side of the cell bars. And now she was here as if Katerea wasn't allowed a break. However, what she hadn't expected was her state of dress, wearing a professional suit instead of her usual childish outfit.

"Came here to gloat, Sitri?" She narrowed her eyes. "Save me the silly magical girl spectacle. You'll only make yourself look ridiculous."

"That's Leviathan to you, miss." Serafall mocked, unlocking the cell and entering it. "Also, I look great as a magical girl. You're just dumb, blind, and full of negativity. You don't have a single funny bone in your body."

Katerea only glared at her, making her frown.

"But I'll be honest, I'm not in the mood to laugh either." She said with a much quieter tone. "You caused us a lot of trouble, y'know? Even if your silly little invasion fell flat on its face and did no real damage, I was still forced to wear a suit and go to a meeting explaining what happened to other faction leaders."

"And that's a problem somehow?"

"Two, actually. I hate suits, and I hate meetings." Serafall responded. "But really, that's what I should be expecting from you idiots. The civil war wasn't a good enough lesson, was it?"

Katerea quickly grew tired of her presence and scoffed.

"Enough of this and get to the point." She demanded. "Why are you here?"

"…Right, well, Falbium was nice enough to let me do this, so we can do this the easy way—" Serafall squatted down next to Katerea. "Or the hard way. Tell me where Rizevim is, and I will try to be nice."

Katerea chuckled.

"You want to find that lunatic?" She raised a brow in amusement. "Even if I tell you what I know, you'd have better luck fucking Sirzechs."

The twitch in Serafall's eyes told Katerea that she had successfully gotten under her skin, but what the Leviathan descendant hadn't expected was the Sitri grabbing her by the hair and smashing her head against the hard brick floor, nearly making her lose consciousness as blood poured from her nose and forehead.

"You don't seem to understand, Katerea-tan." Serafall pulled her head back. "I'm not as nice as my fellow Satans. Ethical or not, I'd have you go through the worst torture imaginable if you don't cooperate, and I won't lose any sleep for it."

Katerea gasped, her head blanking and vision darkening. But she managed to crack a smile anyway.

"So let's try this again, and you better give me a good answer this time, mmkay?" She said. "Where is the Son of Lucifer?"

"I don't know—"

Once again, the Sitri devil slammed her head on the ground, causing it to crack and explode under the heavy blow. She used just enough strength to hurt Katerea immensely but not knock her out.

And once again, Katerea gasped as she was pulled up by the hair, her head rattled and aching as she tasted her own blood that poured from her wound. She panted and groaned in pain before smiling again.

"I'm not afraid to hurt you, Katerea." She said. "We have all the Phenex tears in the world, remember?"

"Hah…" She breathed. "Is that right…?"

Serafall's frown deepened.

"Last chance." She warned. "Where's the Old King's Palace?"

"I'm telling you, I don't know." She answered, spitting out a bloody tooth. "It doesn't stay in one place, you idiot. Only Rizevim knows where it could be at any time."

Katerea knew that this fake Leviathan knew that she was telling the truth, but despite that, she still had her head smashed against the ground a third time. But contrary to how painful this was, she found it almost amusing.

This wasn't the first time she had encountered Serafall— of course not. She had met this so-called Satan Leviathan on many occasions, from political settings to even the battlefield, and every single time, she'd act like a clown, never taking anything seriously despite her immense power.

This was the first time that Katerea had witnessed Serafall act like a real devil. She was not a soft, weak human-like one like the new age devils because she wasn't torturing Katerea to get answers out of her.

She was doing this purely to hurt Katerea out of spite, hate, and anger.

As she was pulled up again to meet her warden's face, she stared at Serafall, seeing the hidden, blazing fury in her eyes with an intensity she hadn't even seen from Sirzechs during the incident in which his students had been killed centuries ago.

For once, she hadn't felt any anger or second-hand embarrassment from the clown in front of her but genuine dread, as one would expect from a true devil.

I underestimated her. Katerea thought. If only she was Leviathan in blood…

As the Old Satan leader expected another slam, Serafall sighed, let go of her hair, and then stood up.

"I guess we're done here. For now." She said. "Fortunately for you, I'm pretty busy at the moment, but I'll be back to play in a few hours. I still have a lot more questions."

Katerea breathed, wiping the blood off her forehead.

"And when I ask them, you better answer." She added with a glare. "Or I promise you, even the dimensional gap will hear your screams."

With that, Serafall left the cell and locked it behind her, throwing the Leviathan descendant one final glare before exiting the prison. Katerea leaned her head against the hard wall of her cell. Now to wait for a rescue team to get her out of here…

She closed her eyes as it got harder to focus, her head still aching from what Serafall did to her.

…Hopefully. She really hoped Rizevim would try to do something. The old bastard always unsettled her because she never knew what he could be thinking— in a way, he'd act similar to Serafall with how ridiculous he could be, but unlike Serafall, which was just an act, the old man was legitimately insane.

But they'd send someone for her, right? She was still one of the three leaders of the Old Satans, so they probably wouldn't want her leaking anything. It was their duty to get her out of this disgusting prison.

It would be so easy with the Amon's cloaking tech. The New Satans still hadn't come up with a way to counter it, right? Right. Though, that'd be under the assumption that the Amon clan had never betrayed them in the first place.

As time dragged on, Katerea felt the weight of each passing moment pressing down on her. The crushing headache that had plagued her for what seemed like an eternity only intensified as she anxiously awaited the arrival of the rescue team. The seconds stretched into minutes, the minutes into hours. Katerea's hope began to weaken. She struggled to keep track of the passage of time, and the relentless waiting threatened to erode her faith. The nagging question hung in the air: Were they truly going to abandon her in this desolate place?

Did they view her as disposable like all the other prisoners here? Was that how much she was worth? No, no, that couldn't be it. Clearly, they were waiting for the perfect opportunity to not alert the enemy… Right?

Katerea lowered her head and scowled, knowing that that wasn't the case. She really had been abandoned, thrown away like garbage. Why? Why couldn't they show some loyalty and at least try to do something? After so many years serving under the Son of Lucifer…

This was how she was getting repaid?

Those bastards! She seethed. I'll make them pay! All of them! Old, new— I don't care anymore—

"Katerea."

Her body tensed as she suddenly froze, her eyes widening as she looked up, startled by the sound of a voice that sent shivers down her spine. It was a low, deep, almost monstrous sound emanating from a figure that loomed menacingly in front of her inside the dimly lit cell. The mysterious individual was shrouded entirely in black, their features concealed behind a blank mask, while a dark cloak enveloped their form. A black gauntlet adorned their hand, emitting a faint, ominous red glow that added to the air of mystery and unease surrounding them.

She couldn't even tell if it was a man or a woman, but she certainly knew that this was not an Amon… or was it? Katerea couldn't feel anything from them. Not their magic or presence, and that voice clearly did not belong to a normal person. She didn't hear or see them enter.

"Who are you?" She asked quietly.

The individual didn't immediately answer her question, but suddenly, a strange, ethereal-looking blue square appeared in front of her, startling the Leviathan descendant and making her flinch. But this was not an attack or anything of the like— but what looked like an… offer?

The user has invited you to their party!

Accept?

"W-what is this…?"

The user? What's this supposed to mean? She thought. The user? User of what?

"If you wish to live…" The person said, extending their hand. "…Accept it."

Katerea looked at the box, then back at the dark individual, still not sure who or what this person was.

"You haven't answered my question." She reiterated. "You're clearly not an Amon or a devil. Who are you?"

The individual remained silent for a moment before giving a cryptic and unsettling answer.

"Your salvation."

Such arrogance. Her eyes narrowed despite the dread she felt from this stranger.

"How can I trust you?"

The strange chuckled. A low, deep laugh that sent shivers down her spine.

"Do you have any other choice?" They responded, making an excellent point.

Katerea hated to admit it, but it was either take their offer or rot here until she outlived her usefulness for the New Satans because it was clear her allies had abandoned her. If it took them so long that a stranger would beat them to it, then…

With no other choice, she accepted the offer, pressing the 'Yes' option on the floating blue box. Katerea didn't feel any different; only another box showed up saying, 'Katerea Leviathan has joined the party!' before it quickly disappeared.

She didn't know how that was going to help and was about to ask what the hell was that about before she felt a weird shift in the world— The walls, floor, and ceiling looked like they were melting as if they were rearranging to look like something else before… returning to their regular look.

But they were not really the same. She could feel it— she knew she was in a different dimension that looked like an exact copy of her cell. Katerea stood up, realizing that whatever this stranger had done, they'd made an entirely different dimension in an instant.

"You…" She looked at them in shock. "How did you do that? What are you?"

The stranger put a finger to their mask where their mouth should be, silently shushing her as they broke Katerea's restraints with an ice spell. The Leviathan descendant felt her energy rushing back to her as they did that, prompting her to smirk.

"Ah, there it is… Finally." She muttered. "…I do not know who you are, but you have my thanks, stranger."

They said nothing, remaining mysterious and interesting. She didn't know where they had come from or what they could want from her, but honestly, it wasn't like she was utterly devoid of honor. She appreciated the help, even if she knew nothing about them.

Although Katerea contemplated killing them, why would she do that? If they were willing to break her out of prison, then they recognized her power and intelligence. And seeing that she wasn't willing to return to the Old Satans… Perhaps they'd do as an ally.

"Now then, where's the way out—"

Her eyes went wide as she felt the stranger thrust their hand into her chest, making her gasp in shock and pain. When she expected an explosion of blood and searing agony, what she felt was far more terrifying. A tug in her very soul. They were attacking her soul, and they moved in a way that was too fast for her to react properly. She didn't expect this so soon after they broke her restraint.

But even with her power now free, she couldn't pull their arm away, feeling this monster clutching her soul and slowly taking it. Fear and panic began to consume the Leviathan descendant as she desperately tried to resist, but they were much stronger than her. This was a nightmare.

Even as she unleashed the snake's power, it didn't help in a way that mattered. She fell to her knees as she gasped and panted, struggling to breathe before she looked at the monster's mask in shock, fear, and anger. Why? Why release her if they were going to do this anyway…?

Was this the Amon sending an assassin to keep her silent? Were they giving her hope of escape and an opportunity to make it back home, just to take it away right before her eyes in sadistic pleasure?

Who was this… user, as the blue box suggested? Why were they doing this?

As Katerea clawed at their mask, wanting to at least see who it was, they chuckled quietly and took it off for her, revealing their identity to the Leviathan. Her teary eyes were wide, and she was shocked and confused as she saw the Amamiya brat smirking back at her.

"Surprise~" She giggled. "Your reaction is even funnier than Shalba's."

Katerea was gasping, desperately trying to breathe as she felt her soul being slowly pulled out of her body. This was a nightmare— this… this girl had defeated Shalba? She did this to him as well? Was that why he never came to help?

Who— what was this thing in front of her? Just what the hell was she seeing? This was no human— no human could do such a thing.

"But I'd rather not waste any more time." She added. "Won't be long before they notice something's off, sooo…"

With a sadistic grin, Akane put more effort into pulling and quickly took the soul of Katerea's body.

"Sayonara~"





– Akane –

Level up! X11

+203 STR +182 END +152 DEX +258 INT +162 WIS +112 CHA +5 LUK

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 265

Title - Undead Slayer

Primary Class - Juggernaut - LVL 65/100 [4%]

Secondary Class - Illusionist - LVL 58/100 [12%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 102,540 [13,672 per minute]

MP - 94,125 [41,640 per minute]

SP - 102,540 [13,672 per minute]

STR - 4280

END - 3418

DEX - 3095

INT - 3764

WIS - 3470

CHA - 2203

LUK – 1121

I let out a shaking breath, shivering as the incredible feeling of power courses through my veins, making me nearly fall to my knees. I can't help but giggle at the immense risk I took to get her, knowing that any fuck-up would've resulted in me dead or wanted.

But I knew it would be worth it. I knew what I was getting myself into. Yes, she might not have been as strong as Shalba, giving me less than half of what he was worth and not even having the courtesy of giving me a new mastery skill, but fuck me, it still feels so good~

This feeling is never going to get old, is it?

Having my Spyders search high and low for Katerea after I heard about her being captured was genius. I had them tailing all persons of interest that might know where she was, and silly Serafall led me straight to a delicious meal.

Now they're going to start frantically looking around for Katerea, thinking she escaped. ID Create is so fucking busted if I can use it to be stealthy like this. It made everything so much easier and safer.

I take a deep breath and calm myself, sending Katerea's soulless body to my inventory before escaping the prison, still in my dungeon dimension. Once I'm as far away as possible, slipping into Sirzechs' palace and into my room, I take off my disguise and gauntlet, then leave the dimension.

I've also made a few discoveries about this party system. For example, for me to send a party invite, the target has to be aware of me and my presence, so I can't just send someone on the other side of the world an invite. I need to be near them, and they have to know that as well.

This made it a little riskier, but it still worked out in the end. I broke her out, got her soul, and made it back before anyone noticed anything wrong. It probably helped that I waited until everyone was asleep to do this.

"Well done, Akane," Lucifer says. "I'm quite impressed. I did not expect you'd be taking such a risk, not so soon after devouring Shalba's soul. Though, I do have a question…"

"Yeah?"

"Seeing how many prisoners were there, I expected you'd target more than just Katerea." He asks. "Why didn't you?"

"Because it would've made it obvious," I answer. "After all, I'm trying to make it seem like it was the work of the Amon clan. Wouldn't it be strange if they wasted time and effort to rescue the small fry?"

"Oh?"

"I mean, why would they care about weaklings that even Asia could beat?" I snort. "Katerea is the only one that's worth rescuing, after all. They wouldn't know she's dead, remember? I left no evidence."

"I see." His smile widens. "Mhm, I understand. Very clever. The fact that this could be the work of someone else will never cross their mind."

"Precisely," I smirk. "I told you, I got it all figured out, Lucy. I'm always ten steps ahead."

"So you are."

Plus, this will help in my fight against Ichiban tomorrow. Sure, I have the ultimate secret weapon that I've been saving up for him specifically, but a power-up here and there wouldn't hurt, would it?

The more time I can buy for Sona to knock out Rias, the easier the match will be.

Here's hoping my partner doesn't fuck it up, but with what I've given her, you'd have to be utterly brain-dead to fail.

So, assuming she pulls her weight and doesn't hold me back, our chances of losing are less than 1%.



More content on Patreon. Five chapters of this (as well as other stories). Including the finals between Rias/Ichi vs Sona/Akane and the conclusion.
Last edited: Nov 20, 2024
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 150 others
Mirlnir
Nov 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 53: Echoes of a Shadow
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Dec 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#882
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus


– Akane –

Well, today is the fated day. The seven thousand stats, an immense boost to my already tremendous power, awaits. Ever since I got that quest, I've been salivating at the thought of growing so strong so quickly. After a painful drought with no quests and barely any progress, this felt like finding an oasis after being stranded in a desert for years. Seriously. My stagnation felt like it went on for years.

Not counting Shalba's and Katerea's souls, of course, but compared to the quest, they're like appetizers. Something to nibble on during this unbearable waiting period. A mere morsel, relatively speaking.

I'm so excited. I know I'm going to win this because I have exactly what I need to distract Ichiban long enough for Sona to do her part. And even if she fucks up somehow, I'll still be able to think up something on the spot and clutch us a win.

Because when I came up with this plan of mine, I hadn't devoured the devils' souls yet. The boost, while not exactly making me stronger than Ichi's Balance Breaker, is still a huge game-changer. Firstly because of Touki.

Touki doubles my physical stats, so even if Ichi immediately uses his cape mode, I should still be marginally stronger than him for a little while before he overpowers me. Not enough to beat his ass into submission, but just to thrash him around a bit and keep him off Sona. Second, the Endurance stat essence I gained doubled my stamina, meaning I can maintain the Touki state for a lot longer.

It's still not going to be easy, but this is why I feel a lot more confident. The secret weapon I gave to Sona will ensure her victory against Rias, and I'm more than powerful enough to keep Ichiban at bay until she finds the perfect opportunity to use it.

Losing this tournament is impossible unless Sona does something stupid, and last I checked, she's pretty intelligent. Also, I don't give a fuck if I'm tempting fate. Fate is my bitch, and Murphy can choke on my enormous metaphorical cock.

One might ask what I'll be doing after winning the tournament, because there's very obviously going to be a long wait before the next big quest to show up, but honestly? I'll just take some time off to relax and have fun tinkering, and once summer vacation starts, go to Hawaii. Yes, I've decided to go there.

I don't typically like wasting time when I could be doing anything else that's productive, but I deserve it. I deserve to take some time off and play around after such a hard week. Also, I could still be productive while on vacation. That secret base isn't going to build itself.

And while I could stay in Japan and mess around there while waiting for the next arc to kick in, I'm almost entirely out of future knowledge. I just know a few lore tidbits here and there but nothing about what I should be expecting next, so it's not like leaving Kuoh and Japan for a month or two is going to make a difference.

"Akane, are you finished getting ready?" Sona asks as she knocks on the door. "The match is about to begin soon."

"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming," I respond after buttoning up my shirt and walking towards the door. "Think we can go over the plan one more time, by the way?"

Because while I'm confident in myself and do trust Sona not to mess up, I'm not going to risk one of her peerage forgetting their job and causing us the match.

I freeze in place as soon as my hand makes contact with the doorknob, a jarring and unexplainable shiver coursing down my back. I can't quite grasp the origin of this abrupt sensation of threat, but it's undeniable. Something is wrong, and it feels completely unnatural.

As I slowly retract my hand, I can't help but notice the strange trembling and shuddering coursing through my body. It's as if every hair on my skin is standing on end, indicating that something very dangerous is lurking close to me. I cautiously glance around, only to realize that the windows of my room have inexplicably vanished, leaving me unable to see what lies beyond the palace.

I can't sense anything or anyone. It feels strangely cold. Cold. I don't feel cold. Ever. What is this? Where the hell am I? I'm definitely not in the palace anymore. Scratch that; I don't think I'm in the underworld. Have I been kidnapped again? No, I would've noticed something. Even the Amon clan needs their weird button to teleport me somewhere instantly.

This is different.

"Sona?" I call out in confusion and dread.

Sona doesn't reply to me.

I frown and cast an ice sword in one hand as the other slowly opens the door in front of me. The creaking noise echoes through a strange room that definitely isn't the long hallway of the palace. Instead, it's some kind of laboratory I've never seen before. And yet…

"What the hell…" I mutter, my grip on the sword tightening.

Why do I feel like I know this place? It's unclear. I try to remember it, but I'm unable to no matter how hard I try. As if it's something buried deep in the back of my mind. What is this? Why am I seeing this?

The lab is dark. There are no lights anywhere besides some control panels and machines with glowing buttons, and in the middle of it is a huge tube filled with some sort of liquid. I feel a strange sense of unease when I look at it, but I push on regardless, seeing something floating inside it.

But despite being very close to the tube, I can't tell what it is. It's very blurry and foggy. The unease and dread continue to grow the longer I look at it, prompting me to look away and figure out an exit.

Slowly, as I look around the dark lab, my frown deepens, stuck in my own thoughts. This feels very familiar. I've never seen this place before; I know I haven't, but this growing feeling of dread… I know I've felt it before. I know where I've felt it, only on a vastly bigger scale.

This is a dream, isn't it? Like that one with the dark monster in it. But at the same time, this feels very real. It's unlike normal dreams or even that nightmare. I feel normal and conscious here. Sound of mind. In fact, I can still use magic and bring up my stats.

"I know you can hear me, Game," I say loudly. "What's the meaning of this?"

No answer, which makes me scowl.

"Fucking useless cosmic piece of shit," I growl. "Lucifer? Can you hear me?"

Once again, nothing. So I'm stuck here on my own, huh? At least I can try to defend myself in case that monster tries to attack me again. I think. I hope.

I continue looking through the lab until I see a glimmer of light after a corner, prompting me to cautiously make my way to it. Once I'm close enough to it, I realize that it's the exit leading to a snowy yard surrounded by many trees as far as the eyes can see.

And once I'm out, I look back to see the lab from the outside, but it's not some lab. It's a gigantic vehicle of some kind, big enough to fit maybe a whole country of people in it. My eyes widen in awe at this technological marvel, almost in disbelief. It would take me days to explore it in its entirety.

I know this is a dream, but this is…

…This is too detailed. It feels like a memory. A memory that clearly doesn't belong to me.

"Are you going to answer me, Game?" I ask again. "I'm getting really tired of your stupid bullshit. Secrecy isn't going to work anymore. I know this is your doing. Or, at the very least, related to you. What did you do to me? Whose memories are these, and why do they feel vaguely familiar?"

Again, no response, but I've grown used to it by now. I can't help but let out a small sigh as I glance around the snow-covered yard. The scenery is quiet, with nothing out of the ordinary catching my eye. The snow blankets everything in sight, with tall trees surrounding the parameter, creating an almost peaceful and undisturbed atmosphere.

Almost. I understand what kind of stupid bullshit I should be expecting here if that monster invaded my other dream. But if it's here, I'll tear it apart myself. That bastard only 'beat me' because I couldn't defend myself.

As I prepare to ascend above the thick clouds blanketing the grove, I glance back and notice a mysterious figure with a hood sitting motionless on the snow with their back turned towards me. Intrigued and a bit wary, I squint my eyes in suspicion and activate my "Observe" ability, but it reveals nothing. No stats, no name. Nothing.

So, with caution, I begin to approach the figure, and as I draw near, I catch the sound of whispered words escaping from beneath the hood, making this encounter all the more creepy. The grip around my ice sword tightens before I point it at the back of their head. The figure doesn't react, continuing their soft whispers.

"Not enough. Not enough. Not enough." They muttered. "Not enough. Not enough, Not enough…"

They repeat those two words over and over, not noticing me or the sword brushing against the back of their hood. What the hell are they saying?

"Who are you? Where are we?" I ask. "Is this you, Game?"

At my questions, the figure stops their whispers, then slowly turns their head to look at me. However, the hood still conceals their face, and I can only make out a few strands of white hair.

"Interloper." They say, their voice feminine. "Give it back."

Interloper? So this person knows me? But I've never seen them before. Or I don't think I have.

"Give back what?" I ask, my eyes narrowing.

"What's rightfully mine." They respond, slowly getting up. "Give it back. Now."

"Sit the fuck down," I growl as ice grows from beneath them, freezing their legs. "I know this is one of the Game's silly little secrets, so you better answer my questions or—"

Before I can even finish that sentence, a black and gold aura around this person explodes, tearing apart everything in the vicinity, including the sword in my hand and the frozen ground. My eyes widen at this tremendous energy I've never felt in my life— so powerful it makes everything else I've sensed before seem like a complete joke.

The entire world shakes under the monster's power, causing cracks to form in reality as the giant vehicle near us explodes. The clouds are blown apart by their aura, revealing countless stars detonating in the vastness of space above.

I shield my eyes at the bright aura, not being able to defend myself as the stranger— who has now transformed into a similar monster of pure dark energy from that other nightmare I had— grabs me by the neck and lifts me up, making me cough and choke in agony.

"It's mine. It belongs to me." It says, tightening its hold on me. "Give it back, or it'll never be enough."

I can't even respond properly to ask it what the fuck it wants from me, but whatever it is it wants, I'm willing to give it if it leaves me alone as fear consumes my whole being. This thing— I can't beat it no matter how hard I try. Nobody can.

This power is beyond reality.

"Give it back, or everything ends." It says again. "Give it back so I may fulfill destiny. Give it back so I may bring salvation to us all."

Again, I have no idea what it's trying to say. What 'it' is that this thing wants so badly. The voice, despite its distorted tone, sounds as pleading as it is enraged and malicious. I feel a wide array of emotions as I stare back at this entity, realizing the kind of power I'm up against as I have whatever it desperately wants.

I just can't give it. Because I don't know what it is.

I'm going to die. Dream or not, this monster is capable of killing me here. And If I die, then I won't wake up in the real world.

I can feel it. This thing doesn't belong here. Where I live. It's not supposed to. I don't know what it is, why it's here, what it means by fulfilling its destiny. But I know, deep in my bones, that if it ever makes it outside of this… dream world, it'll destroy everything.

Everything I hold dear. Friends, family— everything will vanish in the blink of an eye.

Don't give it what it wants. Don't give it control.

I'm begging you.

Finally understanding what this beast desires, I feel myself grit my teeth as fear rapidly fuels my rage. Give it control? It wants to control me? ME?! Who the fuck does it think it is?! I won't let myself be controlled by anything, cosmic horror be damned! I serve no one but myself!

"Fuck you…!" I manage to ground out. "I'm not giving you shit, you stupid bitch!"

The monster pauses, almost in surprise at my defiance. Yet it continues to tighten its grip over my neck, slowly and painfully choking me out. But even with this excruciating agony, I don't submit. I will never submit to anything.

"I don't care who or what you are—" I growl, unleashing my own magical aura despite the monster's energy being in an entirely different league. "I don't give a fuck how much stronger you may be. Do you think you can scare me into submission?! ME?!"

I'd rather die a million times than EVER let someone or something own me. I'm better than this thing— I'm better than everyone. Only I get to decide these things. My destiny is my own to control.

So, with the fury of a thousand suns, I spit on the monster's face even with the unbelievable power difference between us. Despite this mind-breaking fear, I refuse to let it scare me into submission. I'm not giving it what it wants, even if it kills me right here and now.

"Give it back." It says with a tone of warning.

"No. Whatever it is you want is mine now. Not yours." I refuse. "Even if you get on your knees and beg, you won't even get to smell it."

"Give it back." It says again. "Or I will kill you."

I give it a wide and malicious smirk, feeling as if my fury had reached its peak.

"You'll die trying."

Instead of a verbal response, the beast responds by twisting its arm and breaking my neck.

I awaken back in my room, gasping for air and tears streaming down my face. My whole body is shaking uncontrollably, and I find myself clutching my throat in a panic. I take deep breaths, feeling a strange mix of exhaustion and relief washing over me while my emotions continue to swirl.

I wipe the beads of sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand, feeling the moisture cling to my skin as I try to catch my breath. With a grimace, I rub my tired eyes, willing myself to regain composure. As I struggle to steady my breathing, a notification from the system pops up, but I deliberately choose to ignore it, prioritizing the task of calming my racing heart and collecting my thoughts.

"Are you alright, Akane?" Lucifer asks, looking at me in concern.

"I'm fine. It's just a nightmare." I respond with a huff, still feeling the exhaustion. "Nothing serious."

"You are bruised."

"What?" I look at him in confusion. "What are you talking about?"

In response, he points at his throat, prompting me to get off the bed to check it out in the mirror. I feel a cold sweat trail down my cheek as I see the visible bruises, somehow left by that nightmare monster. That thing…

I knew it. It wasn't just a dream. That thing actually tried to kill me. It affected me here as well. So, had I given what it wanted, then does it mean that it…

I let out a trembling breath and shake my head. This is… what the hell is going on? What did the Game put in me? What is that thing, and why does it want to control me? What did it mean by it's 'not enough'? What is its goal?

And most importantly, why now? Did I do something that pissed it off?

It spoke about destiny. About everything ending and bringing salvation. But I don't get it. I don't understand any of this. That thing felt like corruption given form, and yet, from what it's implying, it's trying to prevent some kind of cataclysmic event?

Is this… maybe something from DxD and not the system? Have I been wrong all this time? But if that's the case, why wouldn't the system explain it to me?

"I imagine whatever that was, it must've been a harrowing experience," Lucy says. "I've heard of rituals affecting and hurting one through dreams. Perhaps you'd like to share what you've seen? We could find the culprit."

At his offer, I shake my head again. This is definitely related to the system.

"No." I reject it. "I don't want to talk about it."

I feel exhausted, and checking on the time, I see that it's still four in the morning.

"I understand." Lucifer nods. "I'll be sure to wake you in case you suffer from a similar event."

"Right… thanks," I mutter.

As I go back to bed, covering myself with the blanket, I bring up the notification by the system, feeling myself smile at it. It was pretty much do-or-die there, but I can't say I'm not happy about this development.

Congratulations! You've held your ground and displayed remarkable courage in the face of certain death! You've fully conquered the [Thanatophobia] trait!

Perk gained.

[Lionheart] – Perk

Against impossible odds, every heartbeat manifests tremendous bravery that will keep you steadfast and going until your last breath. You'll stand by your ideals and follow your dreams until they're achieved or you're dead.

When HP reaches below 50%, your stats increase by 15%

You're highly resistant to all [Fear] debuffs.

Not how I thought I'd be getting rid of that dumbass trait, but silver linings are silver linings.




– Indra –

He knew it was his responsibility. To see that dreaded vision again and figure out the location of that beast and counter it, but admittedly, after the first time, he had felt… intimidated. Because if that thing could affect him in his visions, then whatever it was, it was nothing to be trifled with, and Indra was confident in his own power.

He might not have possessed the same level of power as Shiva, as much as he hated to admit his inferiority to that short bastard even in his own thoughts, but he wielded considerable strength in his own way. Only a handful of individuals surpassed his might. This count excluded the entity they were attempting to locate.

As Shiva went out to recruit trusted and reliable freelancers to look for the beast in his vision, Indra was tasked to continue to periodically use his clairvoyance in case anything they'd done had changed the outcome in any way. This way, they'd perhaps have a way to fight back and prevent that future from occurring.

Indra hated this. He and Shiva hated each other guts, and he even tried to slay the God of Destruction several times in the past. But this situation was beyond their squabble. They had to work together.

Indra had done his job for the most part, although the future was just as grim as ever. Every single time, he'd get the same vision. The white-haired child would finish off Great Red and the Beast of Apocalypse, become aware of Indra's existence, and then end his life in a most brutal fashion.

The way he died would change every time. From being impaled by thousands of sharp tendrils, being torn to shreds with its teeth, beheaded, crushed— and so much more. And they all felt real. It was painful.

But Indra was the god of war. The pain did not frighten him. No, what honestly intimidated him was how this monster would feel like it had grown stronger each time he saw it. This thing was growing. How? Why?

What was that thing anyway? Dozens of questions swirled in Indra's head, but alas, he had no answer to any of them, frustratingly enough.

And as he went into that vision, expecting to find the child and die again, he saw something different. Very, very different.

In the skies above, Indra stared down in shock, surprise, and intrigue as a great battle between two armies raged on. On one side, it was a grand and fantastical image of every race and mythological military fighting together—devils, angels, Greeks, and Norse—all of them combining their might to fight off what looked like an endless swarm of magical machines.

Machines that felt alive. Powered by souls— no, by one singular soul. Their teamwork was impeccable. Perfect in every way imaginable. What is this? Who could be capable of creating artificial life like this?

On the other hand, the factions were led by a young devil with short red hair and a scar over her face, holding incredible power surpassing even the Satan Lucifer of the New Devils. She was more than capable of defeating hundreds of them at once. But as impressive of a sight that was, for one machine destroyed, ten others would take its place.

Indeed. The enemies outnumbered this grand military a thousand to one. A sea of mechanical soldiers, as far as the eyes could see, mercilessly cutting down everything in their way. It was a horrific sight to behold because despite the unbelievable idea that finally everyone was fighting together against a common enemy…

They were losing.

"Why has the vision changed?" Indra asked himself. "What are we up against now? Are these visions related?"

There were no signs of the Dragon of Dreams and Beast of Apocolypse nor of the monster of corruption. It was these two great armies, the devil lady with the red hair…

Indra turned his gaze to the top of a high cliff over the battlefield on the side of the machines, where five shadowed figures could be spotted overseeing the battle. One of which was holding a large flag with the Japanese symbol of heaven written on it.

Indra's frown deepened as he took a closer look, but no matter how close he got, he couldn't see what they looked like. Only their figures and few other features made it clear that of these five, three were men, and two were women.

The woman at the forefront, proudly holding the flag, possessed long, black hair with a striking white streak adorning the front-right side. Her sharp eyes shimmered with a deep crimson hue, and her aura resonated with a distinct energy surpassing that of a mere mortal. It resembled that of a demi-god yet remained uniquely its own.

The second woman sported luscious blond hair and reeked of blood. Her eyes glowed like molten gold, and she oozed an air of authority and regality. Combined with the energy she exuded, these characteristics left no doubt in his mind that she was a vampire. While he couldn't discern her specific faction, it was evident that she possessed far greater power than any undead he had encountered thus far. She felt… somewhat familiar.

As for the men, the first was very obviously a god sporting a rare heterochromatic trait. Indra didn't know where this god was from, but he held a strong artifact in the shape of a sword over his shoulder. He seemed close to the first woman, standing right beside her.

The second was a heavily armored man, whose face was obscured by a thick metal helmet. His eyes were shaped like two red glowing rings, and he shared an energy signature identical to that of the rest of the mechanical army.

The third male and the last in the group had golden eyes, but unlike the vampire lady, he was very clearly a devil, and Indra knew precisely who it was. There was no mistaking it. He could recognize that dark divine energy anywhere.

"Lucifer." He muttered in dread at what he was witnessing.

So, he was the one responsible for this? But how was it possible for him to return to life? He should've been erased from existence— he saw it happen during the final battle in the Great War. How could this have happened?

Unless…

"Excelsis…" Indra thought out loud, remembering the missing blade. "Clever bastard. I should've known."

But still, what significance did this vision hold for the white-haired child? Were they vanquished in this vision? Were they an ally of the five individuals? What was the meaning of all these details? Previously, all the visions had depicted the destruction of their universe.

This was the first time he was shown one of conquest.

In this future, there was a glimmer of hope, indicating that change was possible. They had the opportunity to avert the impending doom of their universe and safeguard everything within it.

As Indra regained his hope, he paused, feeling the gaze of someone. He frowned as he met the stare of the woman holding the flag, as, just like the white-haired child, she seemed aware of his presence.

But the god of war was not afraid, even though he expected to be killed by her, just like how the other visions ended. Surprisingly, the woman merely raised her flag high as her aura exploded with immense power.

And as he felt the vision ending, distorting as he was brought back to the real world, he heard her speak in a very clear voice that echoed in his mind.

"Paradise awaits."






– Euclid –

"Shalba is dead?"

Euclid paused his reading as he heard his boss' surprised tone, prompting him to look at Rizevim speaking to the Amon clan leader on the other side of the library. He typically never cared for those assassins. He could admit that they were good at their job, but he was never a fan of technology.

Although he wouldn't admit it to Rizevim directly, knowing the old bastard would be insufferable about it, Euclid did find the stories about the legendary Excelsis or the Beast of Apocalypse fascinating, even if they came off as insane ramblings of a senile man.

Despite the latter having zero historical records. Alas, he was forced to look for it anyway. He didn't know what Rizevim wanted with that monster, if it even existed, certainly not after his odd claim of wanting to become a hero. Probably as a weapon to use against those Evies he spoke about—some invaders from a different universe.

Euclid didn't really care about Rizevim's insane and spontaneous decisions. All he ever cared about was continuing his research and, if possible, tearing his blasted sister in half. To think she'd abandon him so she could spend more time with Sirzechs of all people…

"Yes," Jo responded calmly. "And Katerea has been captured. The New Satans suffered little to no casualties. The invasion had been a disaster."

Shalba is dead? Euclid frowned. How did he die? We've made sure that they couldn't be touched with the True Longinus user covering for them.

The new Satans should've been utterly helpless against Cao Cao's Truth Idea. Nearly no one was capable of withstanding the might of Yahweh's will—the ones who were able to could be counted on one hand.

Shalba dying, he could understand, but to fail to kill at least one of them? What the hell happened there?

"Is that so…" Rizevim sighed, only mildly upset. "What a sad state of affairs. And I quite enjoyed their company, you know?"

Jo said nothing.

"So then, who was it that defeated Shalba?" The old lunatic asked. "I imagine one of them Tojo members did it?"

"Correct." The Amon Clan leader nodded. "Shalba was slain by Akane Amamiya."

"The Amamiya…?" Euclid narrowed his eyes with a mutter.

Contrary to Euclid's slight concern, Rizevim showed an opposite reaction. His eyes widened in shock at first before a splitting grin formed on his face. His sadness at his companions losing their lives was replaced by immense excitement at what he heard.

"Truly?!" He laughed. "Ah, what a wonderful thing to hear! Such excellent news! To think his daughter would be the one to do it… Yes, yes!"

Both Euclid and Jo stared at the madman as he continued to laugh joyously. Euclid didn't know what the Amon assassin was thinking at the moment, but personally speaking, he'd gotten annoyed at the old man's clown-like act.

Ever since his final battle against the immortal dragon, his obsession with the Amamiya had been insufferable. Euclid hadn't been there- he didn't like to get his hands dirty very much- but it had changed something in the old bastard.

He was as insane as ever, but sometimes, he'd almost look regretful that he'd been the one mainly responsible for killing Tatsu Amamiya. Euclid didn't understand why— he was just another enemy to be slain. What was so special about him?

"Ahh, wonderful. Wonderful! If she's anything like her father, and with the blood of your family…" He giggled to himself, looking at Jo. "I can't imagine what kind of monster she'll become! Ah, I shudder at the thought!"

"Sir, two of our strongest have been defeated." Euclid scowled. "Can't show you some concern before you salivate at the idea of fighting someone?"

"Ah, Euclid. Young, foolish Euclid." Rizevim turned around to face him, hands behind his back as he approached the younger devil. "You have not seen what I've come to bear witness that night. Why, it was—"

"I frankly don't care what you saw." His glare deepened. "Figure out how to handle this before the New Satans find us. You can't hide the Old King's Palace forever, and after that invasion, they're coming after us."

"Bah, you're no fun." Rizevim scoffed. "But you do have a point. I don't like to admit it, but I am weaker than both Sirzechs and Ajuka. It would be quite bad for us if we're found so soon."

"You think?" Euclid sighed.

"See, this is why I have you around, my beloved student. You're intelligent." Rizevim nodded to himself, looking proud. It's common sense… "Better than that useless brat of mine. I'm glad I killed him. Now, if you'd be so kind, my cybernetic friend—"

"I am not your friend." The Amon assassin responded blankly.

"—could you tell us what really happened?" Rizevim asked, casually calling out Jo for omitting information. "Now, I do believe you when you say that Akane Amamiya was the one that defeated Shalba… but that is not the whole story, is it?"

He said nothing. He did not move a muscle as he continued to stare at Rizevim behind his sunglasses. The atmosphere had tensed, prompting Euclid to narrow his eyes and prepare for a possible battle. What the hell was he doing now? Trying to provoke them again?

The two men stared at each other. Rizevim with a confident smirk as Jo's blank expression remained unwavering. As far as Euclid could tell, they were equally matched, but he wasn't sure if the Amon leader had decided to upgrade his cybernetics since last time.

But, thankfully, as Jo refused to give an answer, it made the old man chuckle.

"Ah, fine, fine. You may keep your secrets." He waved it off. "I'll have to figure it out myself. It's far more exciting that way, don't you think?"

"…Don't contact me unless it's an emergency," Jo responded before teleporting away.

Rizevim blinked.

"Quite the shy fellow, isn't he?" He said, glancing at Euclid. "I like him."

The Lucifuge devil sighed deeply, rubbing his eyes tiredly at his boss' annoying antics.

"You're an idiot."

"Ah, how rude!" Rizevim clutched his chest in exaggeration. "You'll hurt my feelings if you keep saying these things, you know!"

And Euclid already missed Shalba.





– Short Story – Immortal Legend –

– Rizevim –

Many years ago…

Pain.

That was the only thought that ran through his mind. Unimaginable pain of his guts spilling out of his body. Of liters of blood pouring out of his amputated limbs. Of the freezing sensation of his approaching end.

He coughed and wheezed, his vision darkening as he looked at the sorry state he was in. An arm and a leg had been torn off, his right lung, heart, and stomach utterly destroyed, and the right side of his torso had been crushed, leaving his shattered ribs exposed as he desperately tried to breathe.

He looked at the skies of the underworld atop the Old King's Palace in disbelief at what he had just experienced.

Never in his long life had he suffered a beating this foul. In all these years and countless battles, Rizevim had never felt this pain. He had never seen himself in such a state. So wounded and weak, with barely any energy to spare. Not even his father had beaten him this badly before.

Despite being a devil, it was astounding that he remained alive, let alone conscious, given the excruciating agony he was experiencing, unlike anything he had ever felt before. Despite the overwhelming pain, Rizevim found himself unable to resist a chuckle at the predicament he had brought upon himself.

Struggling to raise himself, he coughed up the remaining blood in his body. As he forced his eyes to meet the gaze of the person accountable, a chilling sensation traveled down his spine.

And there he stood, the Immortal Dragon of the Tojo Clan, glaring down at him despite the curse wrecking his supposedly invulnerable body. He, too, was in a dreadful shape as countless wounds and gashes covered his body. Half of his skull was pulverized, and the skin and flesh on his right arm had burned off, leaving the metal-laced bones dangling.

But despite those wounds, he still stood tall, one red eye shining with burning fury as he stared at Rizevim.

A mere human withstanding such punishment…

"So even with Samael's curse, tearing the dragon in you into shreds and preventing you from healing your wounds…" Rizevim hacked as he trembled. "…It's not enough to put you down, is it?"

Tatsu said nothing and only took a step forward.

"No human should survive this." He added as he tried but failed to step away. "And yet, here it is, in front of my very eyes…"

Again, the Tojo clan agent did not respond and only got closer, prompting the madman to chuckle at the absurdity. This man… this human was something else. Rizevim did not understand why, but as he continued to stare at him, he felt more and more… displeased…? Upset? He didn't understand this feeling, but it was unpleasant. It made him want to escape and run as far away as he could.

He stared at his one good arm, trembling uncontrollably.

"Ah… This feeling…" He clenched his fist, still shaking. "Could it be fear?"

The man, who remained remarkably quiet, didn't utter a word as he stood tall over the deranged devil, maintaining a resolute posture despite the extensive damage he'd suffered during their battle.

So this is how it ends… Rizevim chuckled to himself, staring at his impending doom right in the face. Defeated and slain by a human… What would father say about this?

Rizevim reluctantly closed his eyes, coming to terms with his impending demise. The irony of being vanquished by a mere human was not lost on him. It was a pitiful defeat, one that would surely shatter the unwavering faith of his loyal followers in the traditional beliefs they upheld for so long.

But, strangely, Rizevim felt no regrets, finding the fight to be truly remarkable. It stood out as one of the most magnificent battles he had ever experienced, surpassing even his duel with Sirzechs during the Civil War in terms of glory.

Rizevim frowned in confusion as he awaited the finishing blow, but nothing came.

He did not make another move, as if he was content with simply staring at the madman until Rizevim choked on his blood and died. As if he wanted to torment the Son of Lucifer until his dying breath.

For what seemed like an endless stretch of time, he remained motionless until Rizevim finally opened his eyes once more. The Immortal Dragon stood unwavering, staring down at the Son of Lucifer without making a single sound or movement.

Why isn't he… Rizevim thought in confusion.

He paused as he noticed the lack of light in Tatsu's gaze.

"…Ah…" His eyes widened in realization. "Ah… Ha… Hahahaha!"

His laughter echoed through the crumbling remains of the palace, a mix of disbelief and gratitude for his incredible stroke of luck. It felt as though fate had intervened to prevent the inevitable. Surviving countless brushes with death, this particular instance seemed to be the closest call yet.

"Magnificent. You are magnificent!" He claimed, coughing violently as he stared at the standing form of the Immortal Dragon. "Even in death, you refuse to fall!"

The sight was truly incredible. It perfectly encapsulated the resilience of the human spirit. Their unwavering determination seemed to defy all odds and rationality repeatedly. It was at that moment that Rizevim finally understood why and how humans were able to persevere for such extended periods of time.

Even without the Sacred Gears or the countless divine blessings they were given, they'd continue doing the impossible.

"Tatsu Amamiya," Rizevim muttered, his eyelids growing heavier. "Preposterous. Incredible. You are one of a kind."

He chuckled, his eyes slowly growing darker and darker.

"I'll never forget you…" He promised. "For as long as I live…"

Rizevim fell on his back, his consciousness finally slipping away after witnessing the might of the greatest warrior in generations.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 120 others
Mirlnir
Dec 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 54: Champions
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Dec 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#893
Edited by: Priapus, UwU, Marethyu




– Sirzechs –

"What do you mean she escaped?!"

His colleague shouted, rising from her chair and slamming her hands on the table. Serafall shot a fierce look at Falbium, clearly struggling to contain her anger and deeply bothered by the news. But who could blame her? Barely a day had passed since they'd captured Katerea.

For her to get away so quickly…

There goes our ticket to Rizevim. Sirzechs thought, rubbing his temples tiredly.

It seemed that they weren't allowed to catch a break. Capturing one of the Old Satans' high-ranking members had always been a primary goal because of the information they might have—specifically, the location of the Old King's Palace.

Originally built by Lucifer himself during the era before he became a devil, it was found by Rizevim thousands of years later and then improved upon by Euclid Lucifuge so that it was constantly on the move, traversing dimension after dimension. That made it incredibly hard to locate.

Grayfia's brother was one of the greatest geniuses in the world for a reason, as, although called a 'palace', it was more of a city that held their entire faction in it. Sirzechs had only seen it once during the Civil War.

And so, with their only lead disappearing, they were back to square one. Even if Katerea didn't know where the palace was, she had way more information than any of them. Hell, she could've been used as bait, at the very least.

Without her, this would be a lot more difficult. Almost impossible, really. They'd tried to find the palace for decades, and they'd made no progress at all. He hated to admit it, but the Leviathan descendant getting away was a powerful blow to their search.

"It happened during our meeting with the other faction leaders," Falbium responded. "Approximately one hour after you left the prison, Sera."

"But that's— We made sure to maximize security!" She argued. "And after the battle, we were on high alert! How could this happen?!"

"I don't know." He frowned grimly. "To make matters worse, we didn't notice anything until hours after it happened."

"Do we have any footage of the culprit?" Ajuka asked. "I can't imagine Katerea being able to escape on her own."

"I'm afraid not." Falbium shook his head. "During her escape, all cameras were compromised, and none of our scrying wards caught anything unusual."

"Someone definitely broke her out, then. And it's the work of an expert," Sirzechs muttered. "Could it be the Amon Clan?"

"Yes, that's the only explanation." Satan Beelzebub nodded. "They're most skilled in stealth, according to Mr. Daigo. I'd imagine they're one of the few capable of doing such a thing."

"That seems to be the case." Falbium agreed. "None of the other prisoners escaped, thankfully.."

"I suppose they didn't have the resources to risk it." Satan Lucifer said. "Pragmatic."

"Or heartless." Ajuka pointed out. "Perhaps they simply didn't care enough about them."

That was definitely a possibility. If they were a faction that would ally themselves with the Old Satans of all people, then they were most definitely a malevolent force. No one in their right mind would join forces with Rizevim.

Serafall sat back down, scowling to herself in anger. Seemingly the most affected by the news, but that was understandable. Out of the four, Sera despised the Old Satans the most and was almost always the one suggesting that they should be terminated. Ever since the incident with the Tojo clan.

Where he, Falbium, and Ajuka respected Rizevim's ties to the throne, Sera was the only one so vehemently against these 'pointless claims' as she put it. She argued that since they weren't even following the tenets of the original Lucifer anyway, why put so much importance on him and his throne?

It wasn't so simple, of course. Rizevim wasn't just the Son of Lucifer; he was an icon who had led the devils after his father's passing, and during his very brief period as a leader, he was actually loved. Insane as he was, he embodied everything a devil should be.

It wasn't until Sirzechs' generation that he had been challenged. Indeed, unlike his father, who had been challenged several times, Rizevim was thought to be the perfect leader that no other devil could possibly surpass.

So even as Sirzechs and his colleagues won the Civil War and seized his power, he was still a highly important figure. Politically speaking, simply killing or punishing him wasn't so easy. It would've destabilized their claim on their lands.

While Serafall understood that, she still thought it was wrong that they'd let him go off scot-free at the cost of losing their allyship with the Tojo clan. And to make matters worse for her, she and Mizuki used to be good friends.

Admittedly, Sirzechs finally understood her point of view and had begun to even agree with her. At this point, Son of Lucifer or not, he'd had enough of Rizevim. From now on, he would be considered a hostile entity that must be killed on sight. Yes, Sirzechs didn't want a prisoner. He wanted a corpse.

In hindsight, he should've taken his chance and killed Rizevim during the Civil War.

Oh, how naive he had been.

"Regardless, there's not much we can do about it," Sirzechs said. "According to Mr. Daigo, he's still working on technology that can counter the Amon Clan."

"So we're not even gonna look for her?" Serafall glared at him.

"We can't look for her, Serafall," Ajuka responded. "We don't have the means to locate her or the Amon Clan. Doing so would be pointlessly wasting our resources."

The Satan Leviathan couldn't argue with that, remaining silent before she calmed herself with a groan. She then looked back at Sirzechs with a frown.

"If we see them again, Sirzechs—"

"We'll annihilate them." Satan Lucifer said seriously. "I'm done giving them second and third chances."

Thankfully, this was enough to please Serafall as she nodded.

"Good. I'm glad we're finally on the same page." She muttered. And with their meeting done, she grabbed the remote on the long table and used it to turn on the TV, showing the tournament's finals starting. "Now to see Sona-tan kick Rias' ass."

Ajuka glanced at the TV for a moment before getting off his chair and walking towards the exit. Falbium, on the other hand, stretched his arms with a yawn, lying his head on the table and closing his eyes for a nap.

Par for the course for Satan Asmodeus. Ajuka was probably going back to his study room, as he was not really interested in the match. It was always strange how he, the same person who had made the Evil Pieces, had zero interest in Rating Games.

"I wouldn't be so sure about that." Sirzechs smiled. "She has the Red Dragon Emperor on her side, remember?"

"Yeah? Well, Sona-tan has Emo-chan." Serafall responded with a smirk. "And I like her better than Shrublord; therefore, she's stronger."

Sirzechs chuckled.

Regardless of the winner, this would be one hell of a match.





– Akane –

"Akane?" Sona suddenly taps me on the shoulder, prompting me to look at her as we're on our way to the final match. "Are you okay? You've been zoning out nearly the whole day."

I don't say anything; my mind is still occupied with that fucked up dream I had earlier today. I can't help but think about what that monster meant by 'the end' and 'fulfilling its destiny'. I barely had any sleep since I woke up the first time.

Not out of fear of encountering it again or anything like that. I'm not afraid of it— I proved that I wasn't despite it being way more powerful than me. It's just… that dream feels important. A memory that's deeply ingrained in my mind.

Figuring out what it is could be worthwhile. It could be the key to more power if it's related to the system and the Game. If I can somehow tap into that monster's power, then I'll be unstoppable.

And If this 'end' it's talking about is coming, then knowing what it is and when it's coming might be the way to avoid it. Obviously, that thing could just be speaking utter nonsense, but if there's even the slightest chance of it telling the truth, then I'd be stupid to disregard it.

I don't know what the Game put in me or why I'm getting these unfamiliar memories crammed into my brain. Hell, I don't know if this is even the Game's doing in the first place. This could very well be something from the DxD universe and I just don't know what it is.

If that is the case, I have three questions:

A: What the hell is that monster?

B: Why isn't the Game telling me anything about it?

And C: Why me, of all people?

Don't tell me I'm some chosen one type because I already know I am. I'm beautiful and talented beyond human comprehension as is, the embodiment of perfection. I don't need a beast of darkness inside my soul to be one. That's just a crutch for the incompetent.

But, well, I won't say no for more power. Once I tame it and turn it into a servant, its powers become rightfully mine.

"Do you wish to talk about what's bothering you?" Sona offers at my silence.

"No, I'm fine. Just thinking about the match." I lie. "You're saying it's gonna be live-streamed for free, right?"

But I don't think now's the time to be thinking about that. Admittedly, I don't think I'll ever be able to figure it out any time soon— I have no leads, nor can I actively dream about it again. When I finally managed to get a wink, I woke up normally and never found it a second time.

And unlike last time, thinking about the monster isn't doing anything to the system or glitching it in any way. The Game isn't responding to me, and I'm left utterly confused and frustrated. I can't investigate even if I wanted to.

So I'm stuck, unable to do anything meaningful until the monster decides to contact me again and accuse me of stealing from it again. The bitch. I didn't steal shit. It tried to pry control off my hands, thinking I won't fight it like the dumbfuck it is.

I don't care if that bastard is universes above me in power. I make my own fate.

"Yes," Sona answers. "Is that a problem?"

"No, no. It's just…" I clear my throat. "Using my secret weapon in front of so many people sounds embarrassing…"

She pauses before looking at me weirdly.

"What?" She blinks. "What does that mean? What kind of secret weapon do you have prepared?"

"Don't worry about that." I wave it off. "Look, just focus on yourself and don't get arrogant, alright?"

"No way you are telling me that!" Sona scowls before sighing in exasperation at her peerage's laughter. "Whatever. Girls, remember what we planned."

"Yes, ma'am." Tsubaki salutes.

"We're not letting any of them get to you, Sona!" Ruruko promises.

"Leave it to us," Momo adds confidently.

"I have faith in you, girls." Sona smiles at them.

"We have the number advantage, but don't let it get to your head," I point out. "I'll keep Ichi occupied while you prioritize Akeno and make sure she stays far away from Sona. Sona will handle Rias. Speaking of, you have what I gave you, right?"

"I do, yes." She says, taking out her secret weapon from her pocket to show it to me.

"Good. I know you're smart, so I don't think you need to hear this but do not use it at the start of your fight. There's a huge chance that Rias sees it coming and avoids it." I remind her. "The best time to activate it is when you've weakened her enough. The second best time is to save yourself from certain defeat."

"Alright." Sona nods, pocketing them again. "But what about you? Are you sure you'll be able to keep Kasuga distracted long enough?"

"Please, I'm certain. Just don't let my awesomeness distract you when I'm beating his ass." I smirk. "Let's just say that I learned a thing or two from our battle against Shalba."

"I can't say I'm not growing tired of your constant arrogance, though…" Sona mutters.

"I personally always found Akane-san's confidence to be very admirable." Tsubaki quips. "A little over the top, but doesn't that just make her more endearing?"

"Right?" Ruruko agrees. "Her theatrics are always so funny, but it's the fact that she can back herself up that makes her amazing."

"And it's not like she's kicking anyone down," Momo adds. "Well, unless it's Kasuga-kun, but he doesn't seem to mind it that much."

Sona's peerage consistently showers me with praise, which boosts my definitely modest self-esteem even more. See, even when I act annoying or arrogant, they still appreciate and love me. But really, who wouldn't? I'm the funniest, most adorable, and greatest person in the entire world.

"Oops, better watch out, Sona~" I tease her. "Or I might steal your peerage away from you~"

Her peerage giggles as their king rolls her eyes in amusement.

"Quiet, you." She scoffs playfully before mirroring my smile. "But, well, I have to admit, without that irritating arrogance, I don't think we would've gotten this far, ironically enough."

"And you'll get even further. Beyond what you're hoping for," I promise as we step into the coliseum. "I'm the cheat code to life, after all."

The place is still in ruins, but that doesn't really matter since we're not gonna fight in the coliseum. The device used to make the dimensions still works as we're being teleported to an arena that looks like a carbon copy of Kuoh. In fact, we're placed right in front of my house, making me snort in amusement. Funny.

"Alright, girls." I grin, creating as many ice soldiers as possible with a snap of my fingers. "Time to win us a tournament~"

As my team cheers, ice armor envelops each of us before I launch into the sky. Spotting Rias in the distance, near our school, I rush toward her as quickly as I can, determined to knock her out right away.

But I know better as Ichiban gets in front of me right before I reach her, already in his cape mode, blocking my attack with his golden baseball bat. Surprisingly, it doesn't shatter on contact, but knowing him, he had already boosted the thing enough so it could withstand my attacks.

Ichi then responds by swinging it at me, prompting me to evade it by backing off, giving him and Rias a confident smirk.

"Thought you'd try to pull that crap," Rias says with an equally confident grin. "Well, Kasuga, just as we planned."

"Leave it to me." He says, getting into a stance as Rias runs past me.

"Same plan as us then, huh?" I state. "Not like there are any other tactics you could've taken."

"Pretty much. Rias said something about it being a classic battle of attrition." He responds. "Or, well, between her and Sona. But between us? Oh, I'm kicking your ass."

"Are you?" I narrow my eyes and widen my smirk. "Wanna test that theory out?"

"Ain't a theory if it's a fact." He remarks with conviction. "Call it payback for how you beat me during our first duel."

I can't help but chuckle at that before activating my Touki for a split second and getting in front of Ichiban, surprising him with my far superior speed.

"Cute," I whisper in his ears.

Before I gut-check him hard enough to send him crashing through Kuoh Academy, tumbling and falling on his ass. He coughs in pain before his eyes widen in shock, not expecting me to hit that hard. But then he begins chuckling, getting up on his feet as I slowly walk up to him.

"Haha, I should've known." He says, dusting himself off. "I don't know how you got so powerful so quickly, but something like this… That's so you. You like playing the arrogant princess, but there's always a reason why."

"Enough to make you serious?" I ask, hands on my hips.

"I've always taken you seriously. That's why I went full power at the start of the match," He replies before a long pause. "…You're not gonna make this easy, are you?"

"I already told you, Ichi." I create a sword of ice in my right hand. "I don't like making things easy. So if you want that, you'll have to work for it."

Surprisingly, Ichiban doesn't blush and splutter his words like usual. Instead, he frowns, looking at me with incredible conviction, which I admittedly find equally as attractive as his usual funny reactions. God, he can be hot when he's serious.

"I'm gonna win." He declares, making me giggle.

Oh, don't worry, Ichi.

We're both going to win~





– Sona –

Watching as the two powerhouses duke it out in the sky, Sona had to admit. She was very impressed with Akane's performance against Ichiban. No, not impressed. She was shocked at what she was witnessing. Since when had she been this strong?

As the hundreds of ice constructs shot toward the Red Dragon Emperor, each containing the power of a Satan-class spell, Ichiban was understandably struggling against Akane, who kept her distance and bombarded him with ranged attacks.

She wasn't just matching Ichiban— she was actively overpowering him.

Even as he'd got closer to her, where he should have the upper hand, Akane would casually evade his punch and counter with her own, striking him so hard it would cause a shockwave that tore apart nearby buildings. Just how much power had she been hiding?

No, there's no possible way she could've been hiding this. Only yesterday, they'd been in a fight to the death against Shalba, and right now, she was performing much better, even without the armor. Could it be that she had grown in power in just a single battle?

Sona knew she was unfairly talented, but this far exceeded anything she had ever seen before. If Akane had been this strong during the invasion, they would've defeated Shalba, even with Ophis' snake.

"She's really something else…" Sona muttered to herself.

But as amazed as she was, Sona was also frustrated— no, she was angered to be left behind. Despite having a head start of seventeen years, despite all the resources she'd had as a child, it only took Akane a little over a month to surpass her this badly. How was this fair?

Even when Sona had invested a lot of time and effort into training, she still couldn't keep up. Why? Was she not training hard enough? Was she doing something wrong? A difference in mindset? Or was it simply the gap in raw talent? She didn't understand. What used to make her feel only mild irritation now enraged her because she couldn't make sense of it.

Ichiban? Sure, fine. He had a Longinus Sacred Gear with a subspecies Balance Breaker. Sairaorg? He'd pushed his body to its absolute limit by constant training for more than a decade. But Akane? From a normal human to nearing Satan class in less than three months? This was absurd. Talent alone shouldn't make her that much better than Sona.

She had to have something that Sona didn't. But what could it possibly be?

She didn't resent the girl for it. Of course not. Akane was still her beloved friend despite it all. But Sona would be lying if she said she didn't constantly compare herself to the yakuza princess. And each time, she'd feel more and more inadequate.

Sona clenched her fists tightly as she continued to watch the explosive battle between the two humans in the sky with a frown. That feeling had only become much worse after the invasion because Akane hadn't been so much stronger than she was at the time. Only for her to suddenly grow that quickly.

What did she need to do to be able to keep up? Sona was the heiress of the Sitri devil pillar. She wasn't destined for mediocrity. She wasn't fated to be stuck in someone else's shadow. She had to do something.

"Sona?" Tsubaki called out to her. "Shouldn't we move?"

This isn't the time for this. Sona thought to herself, taking a deep breath. If I don't win this tournament, then I'll never catch up to her.

"Right." She said, calming her nerves. "Knowing Rias, she must've told Akeno to stay low and hit us with her holy lightning when we least expect it, but we're not gonna let that happen. Smoke her out by any means necessary."

"Understood."

"Ruruko, Tsubasa, you're with me." She ordered. "We're going to confront Rias directly."

"Aye, aye, boss!" Her subordinate saluted.

With that, the group split up as Akane's ice soldiers began spreading out, helping her peerage look for Akeno. They couldn't let her get the jump on them— even if Sona was stronger, her holy lightning magic was still devastating. She had to be eliminated as fast as possible.

Regarding her adversary, it appeared that she shared a similar sentiment. Rias, Koneko, and Kiba encountered Sona and Ruruko at a crosswalk in the heart of Kuoh. The redhead, with her fiery gaze and determined grin, exuded excitement, while the Sitri devil remained resolute with a focused frown.

"Well, well, well…" Rias began with her theatrics, hands on her hips and a puffed chest. "It seems that neither of us is willing to waste any time, eh, Sona? I thought someone like you would try to avoid direct confrontation."

"And why would you think that?" Sona raised a brow. "Do you think I'm scared of you, Rias?"

"Naturally. We may be equally matched in raw power, but my destruction beats your silly water spells." She boasted. "And don't try to deny it. You know it's true."

"Is it?" Sona's frown deepened. "How pretentious. As if someone like you can utilize such an advantage."

"Are you calling me dumb?!" Rias scowled. "That's so rude!"

"You started it by calling my magic 'silly'!" Sona responded.

"Yeah, cuz it is." Rias insisted. "What's a few party tricks gonna do against total destruction? Not even your favorite dragon spell would do any harm."

Sona knew that the redhead was trying to get into her head, so she wasn't going to give her the satisfaction as she got into a fighting stance, casting two water daggers in each hand.

"Whatever." She scoffed.

"I win," Rias claimed with a smug grin. "As usual."

"You won nothing!" Sona glowered. "Lucifer below, you're so annoying when you do that!"

That, and Sona was terrible at trash-talk, but she wouldn't admit it to Rias.

"Uh-oh, looks like someone's mad~" Her childhood friend giggled. "Well, Koneko, Kiba, go show them what you're made of."

"Yes, ma'am." Kiba smiled

Koneko silently rolled her neck and cracked her knuckles, stepping forward with him.

"Girls." Sona glanced at the two.

"Understood," Tsubasa said, activating her Sacred Gear.

"Leave it to us, boss," Ruruko smirked. "Won't let 'em lay a finger on ya!"

She watched as the two, in their ice armor, got in front of Koneko and Kiba. Sona was confident in her peerage. They might not be as strong as Rias', but she didn't need them to win. They were still close enough in power to keep them at bay, at least, which was what she needed.

Besides…

Rias paused as she noticed a dozen of Akane's ice soldiers surround them, frowning slightly. While one of them wasn't exactly as powerful as any of the peerage members here, they made it up with numbers, so they should be more than able to help Sona's team.

"It's me against you, Rias," Sona said. "King to King."

"I see." The redhead hummed before she smiled again, looking back at Sona. "Well, I can't say I'm not looking forward to this. When was the last time we actually sparred properly? Like, six, seven years ago?"

"It's been too long," Sona replied. "I hope you're ready, Rias. Because I'm not going to hold back against you."

"I'm hoping that you don't." The Gremory heiress smirked, fists crackling with demonic energy as she took a stance. "I don't want you making excuses when I crush you."

Sona knew that this wouldn't be an easy fight with them being so equal, knowing each others' strengths and weaknesses.

But with what Akane had given her, it was only a matter of time before she emerged victorious.





– Ichiban –

Before their match, he had been feeling relatively comfortable in his position as the strongest participant in the tournament. Such a claim wasn't made out of arrogance. Hell, he didn't make the claim at all. It was everyone else around him pointing it out over and over.

Not just his team, but even Akane and Sona seemed to think so as well, and they were some of the most intelligent people he knew, so they had to be right. This prompted Ichiban to maybe grow a little cocky and confident in his victory, but he really should've known better.

He knew the kind of person Akane was. What with her planet-sized ego, always proclaiming herself to be better than everyone. But despite that, he also knew that she was not all talk. Her confidence, despite the supposed power difference, should've been an indication that she had been hiding something.

To think she was that much more powerful than she let on… Ichiban felt embarrassed that he hadn't noticed it. Granted, he expected her to put up a really good fight considering her Touki and absurdly strong base strength, but to outright beat him down even though he was using Superman Mode?

Ichiban struggled to keep up with her as she zoomed around him far faster than anything he had experienced before, showing a gap in speed he had genuinely never expected from her. He couldn't even defend himself from the spells and physical strikes pummeling him down.

None of his own punches would land, and trying to predict her movement wasn't working for him. She was moving way too erratically and quickly for him to properly see. This wasn't good. He was confident in his durability, but he knew he couldn't take this much punishment for too long. Her attacks hurt even more than Sai's.

Maybe that was her plan? Get him overconfident so he didn't notice anything out of the ordinary? If that was the case, then she'd seriously gotten him. He'd never thought she was hiding that much strength.

No, partner. Ddraig said. She couldn't have hidden this power. Otherwise, she would've defeated that devil.

Then how do you explain this? Ichiban responded mentally, trying to track her movement.

What do you think? Ddraig snorted. She simply grew more powerful.

Seriously?! In a single fight?!

Indeed. Remember after your battle with Kokabiel? She showed similar growth. His partner pointed out. Rapid growth against nigh-impossible odds… her type only shows up once every thousands of years.

That was a thing? Ichiban didn't know. That would explain her insane growth— why she was easily keeping up with him despite his Longinus.

Oh, what the hell! Is she actually the chosen one or something?! Ichiban wanted to whine as he was kicked in the back, prompting Ddraig to chuckle. It's not funny!

Her claim of being the center of the universe might actually have some merit to it, after all. Ichiban didn't know how to feel about this. This was not going to be good for her already massive ego.

For her sake, he needed to win this. Akane becoming any more smug than she already was would be a disaster for the universe.

"What's wrong, Ichi?" He heard her laughing after she struck him in the face with a powerful punch. "Can't keep up?"

Ichiban clicked his tongue in annoyance. Despite the unexpected difference in their strength, he didn't lose hope as he felt his power increasing. She might be stronger than him for now, but during a fight, her power was static. It didn't increase like his, so eventually, he'd be able to overpower her.

That didn't make things any easier as he felt her slamming him in the face with a huge ice hammer, sending him downward and into several buildings. Ichiban hissed, looked up, and saw hundreds of projectiles coming his way, prompting him to leap back and fly out of the way.

But nothing he did would help him avoid an attack, for Akane was almost always two steps ahead.

Below him, a massive flower suddenly sprouted out of the ground, encasing him in unnaturally hard ice. Ichiban struggled to break out, and as he managed to escape the prison, the shards left by his explosive exit shot toward him, stabbing him in the legs and arms.

Ichiban tried to shield himself before Akane appeared above him and kicked him down, making him smash into the flower's ice stem. He gasped in pain as he hit the ground, rolling out of the way of her stomp just in time.

He quickly got on his feet and growled, still unable to find an opening. Every move he made was predicted, and with how quick she was, it was hard to really do anything. But he knew that was going to end soon.

She couldn't be in her Touki state forever.

"What was it that you said?" Akane started, standing in place as the smoke began to disperse. "You were going to kick my ass?"

"That is the plan." He responded, wiping the blood off his nose. "Just cuz you're stronger than I thought doesn't mean it's changed."

"Stronger than you thought? Ichi, I've been bullying you since the fight started." She claimed with her signature smirk. "You haven't even landed a single hit yet. You're nowhere near as powerful or amazing as me. It's like comparing a newborn kitten to a tiger."

"Funny. If the difference is that big, then why haven't you knocked me out yet?" He called her out.

"Who knows?" She shrugged. "Maybe I wanted to toy with you and show my superiority to the whole world. Show them the excellence of Akane Amamiya. Red Dragon Emperor or not, I'm just better. I don't need a crutch like your Boosted Gear to prove it."

The nerve of this girl… Ddraig muttered.

"No, Akane. That's not it. You know just as much as I do that you couldn't even if you wanted to." He ignored her self-worship, having grown used to it. "You're just buying time for Sona to defeat Rias, knowing you won't be able to defeat me."

Surprisingly, that only made her smile grow.

"Oh really?" She crossed her arms. "How do you figure?"

"You can't keep up with me forever. You know this. I know this." He pointed out. "The longer this goes on, the more I evolve and the weaker you become. I can keep up my Balance Breaker longer than you can your Touki."

Akane said nothing.

"Your loss is predetermined." He said, mirroring her smirk. "It's only a matter of time."

At that, she giggled.

"You should leave the cocky attitude to me, Ichi." She said, reappearing in front of him. "It doesn't suit you very well."

However, this time, he saw the attack coming, prompting him to barely block the punch aimed at his face. Akane's eyes widened in surprise, but she didn't seem outright shocked. She was smart enough to know that this was going to happen eventually.

"You're right." He replied. "Because, unlike you, I speak with actions."

As he threw his own attack, Akane released a burst of her magic, freezing him just long enough for her to back off and avoid the swing of his bat. The ice surrounding him shattered a millisecond later, and it didn't stop his momentum as he charged forth at her.

Akane's surprised look dropped, replaced with her confident smirk once more as they took off to the sky. She was still much faster and stronger than him, but the difference wasn't as big. Ichiban could now see her move, which improved his performance significantly as he evaded some of her strikes.

His rapid growth was closing the gap between them, and, to make matters worse for her, she was visibly starting to tire out, her lack of mastery over Touki coming to bite her in the ass. Without it, Akane couldn't keep up with him, and he'd win the fight.

And when that happened, Sona would be defenseless, leaving them with an assured victory.

As they continued their battle high above the replica Kuoh, each strike from either of them would shake the entire dimension, similar to how his fight with Sairaorg had gone. But unlike Sai, Akane knew she couldn't afford to be hit due to her lack of good defensive options. Even her ice armor wouldn't do her very well.

So, knowing that, Akane backed away and focused primarily on ranged attacks. As a few of them hit their target, his gear activated its second ability.

"Endure!"

The sound made her grimace, but it made him grin widely as now, her ice spells didn't hurt even half as much as before. This prompted Ichiban to act a little more recklessly, charging through her ice spells instead of around them, slightly surprising his opponent and giving him the perfect opportunity to land an attack.

But to his shock, Akane avoided his swing by leaning backward just in time, responding by raising her leg and hitting him in the chin before twirling around and kicking his head. He then felt a chain of ice wrapping around him and bringing him back to her so she could land a devastating punch that broke his nose and sent him soaring down.

Ichiban gasped but quickly got on his feet, wincing and grimacing in pain. Her ice spells weren't as dangerous anymore, but that hurt a lot. She was primarily a mage— why did her punches hurt that badly?

He looked up at her, seeing her panting in exhaustion, which made him chuckle. It seemed that she had been overconfident. Using that state the entire time instead of conserving her stamina…

Unless she was hiding something else? Regardless, Ichiban wasn't going to let this get into his head.

Akane raised her arm and created more ice projectiles to use against him, but Ichiban wasn't worried and charged forward. As she brought her hand down and sent the barrage of spells his way, he ignored it in favor of going on the offensive.

Only for his opponent to clench her fist, causing all the ice shards around him to explode in a blast of frost, completely freezing him still. Akane followed that up by encasing him in another bigger, thicker box of ice. Again and again.

She wasn't trying to outright hurt him anymore, knowing her spells weren't going to be as effective, so she was trying to slow him down.

But that's not going to work.

So, with a burst of his draconic energy, Ichiban broke out of every prison at once, swinging his bat at her in one finishing blow. And the attack struck true, hitting her square in the jaw and shattering everything around them.

Akane was sent careening over Kuoh town, smashing into every building in the way until she stopped by near their schoolyard. Covered by smoke and debris, Akane remained motionless, which made Ichiban feel a little bad for hitting her like that, but he wasn't going to miss any chances.

He exhaled in relief and slight exhaustion before looking at where Rias was. Now he just had to—

Feeling something behind him, Ichiban's eyes widened, and he tried to defend himself, but Akane's kick landed on his face before he could put up his guard. The yakuza wannabe suspended himself in the air before he could hit the ground, looking at her in shock.

Although his attack had inflicted significant damage, as she spat out a bloody tooth, it wasn't enough to put her down.

"You thought one hit would be all it takes to beat me?" She said, her glare turning into a smirk. "You're going to offend me, Ichi. I'm not that fragile."

"I guess not." He responded, twirling his bat. "But you're still not winning this. I've already outgrown you."

Akane raised a brow.

"Prove it."

Without wasting another breath, Ichi did just that, charging at her with another swing. But Akane wasn't going to make this easy as she blocked it with a sword she made at the last second.

The shockwave caused by the attack annihilated everything behind her, but she was relatively unharmed, if struggling a bit, as she was gritting her teeth. She was significantly weaker than before— she wasn't using her Touki anymore.

As Ichiban pushed her with a light kick, he swung his bat once more, but surprisingly enough, she managed to avoid it, helping him notice something. Rather than not using Touki at all, she was only using it during split-second moments like these so she didn't waste her stamina.

What was really surprising, though, was the fact that she was able to keep up still, meeting his bat swings with her sword. But during their clash, Ichiban noticed something odd— sometimes, Akane would look over his shoulder and all around as if she was looking for something.

He didn't know what, and in the brief moments he followed her line of sight, he found nothing of interest. What was she looking for? He knew of her supposed 'secret weapon' that Koneko had heard her talking about. Was it that? Had she perhaps set it up before charging at Rias? What could it be?

Well, whatever it was, he wouldn't let her get a chance to use it.

As their clash grew more and more destructive, Ichiban had the upper hand as her sword cracked. And once it shattered, he prepared a powerful blow that would surely knock her out. But as he threw the attack, Akane ducked under it and then immediately struck his wrist, causing him to let go of the bat and disarming him.

Ichiban couldn't quite process that before she delivered a jab to his face. Then, a hook, several body shots, and a knee to his stomach.

"Endure!"

Ichi caught her fist and responded with a headbutt that left Akane reeling, crying out in pain. Momentarily disorienting her was exactly what he needed to lock her in a devastating combo that she struggled to defend herself against.

Though, he found it very surprising just how much she was able to withstand. The Akane he knew was kind of a glass cannon. She'd even mentioned that herself a few times, so to take so many of his attacks like that was very unexpected.

But she couldn't take this forever. She knew it, too, as she stomped on the ground and caused a small blizzard to form with her at the center of it, forcefully pushing him back. As Ichiban prepared to charge again, he saw her soaring toward the sky, and he followed her.

Seemingly trying to buy more time, she flew around the town, consistently able to avoid his strikes. This made Ichiban lament the fact that he had no ranged option as he was stuck trying to hit someone who was only just slightly slower than himself.

As he noticed her smirk, he knew that she had found whatever she was looking for, prompting him to double his efforts. But despite that, Akane avoided his attack and created a burst of ice that, while not outright freezing him in place, slowed him down just enough for her to prepare another attack, charging it up in her index finger.

"Gotcha~" She muttered.

"That's not gonna work!" He told her as she pointed the spell at him.

But she ignored him, focusing on her target before letting go of the charged bullet.

For some odd reason, Akane missed as the bullet flew past him, prompting him to land a powerful blow against her that sent her toward the edge of the dimension. He blinked in confusion before his eyes widened in horror as he heard the announcement.

"Rias Gremory's Queen, Akeno Himejima, has been eliminated."

She wasn't aiming for me?! He realized.

As he was about to fly toward Rias to help her out, he noticed in the corner of his eye that Akane hadn't been eliminated yet, slowly standing back up and pointing her finger at him in preparation to cast more bullets.

Knowing that leaving her like this was a mistake he would regret deeply, Ichiban glided down toward her, now noticing how weak she was. She was trembling violently, seemingly on the verge of passing out. Seeing her up close, she didn't look like she could be a threat anymore.

She was too weak to cast a spell.

Even still, she grinned as he stood before her.

"I should've known you would try this." He said.

"Hehe, you think I'd let someone like her run free?" She responded, almost tumbling. "Her holy lightning is the biggest threat to us. Rias knew it, too. That's why she told Akeno to lay low, right? I've been looking for her almost the entire fight."

"And you didn't target Rias. Why?"

"Too risky. Rias is much stronger than Akeno— she could see it coming." Akane answered. "Besides, you wouldn't let me. Her queen, on the other hand? Not as big of a priority to you."

Shit.

She got you. Ddraig said in amusement.

"Admit it, Ichi~" She said, nearly falling to her knees, holding her side in pain. Despite that, though, she still giggled. "I'm just better~"

Ichiban ignored her, but right before he could turn around and fly away, she spoke again.

"Where are you going?" She said, shakily walking toward him. " I still haven't used my secret weapon yet."

Ichiban tensed and prepared for an attack.

"Don't try anything stupid, Akane. You're already beaten." He said. "I don't want to hurt you any more than I already have."

She only giggled in response and lunged toward him, but as Ichiban readied a counter-attack, he stopped, and his eyes went wide.

He never expected her to lean in and kiss him, not in a million years, and it left him utterly stunned. At that moment, time seemed to come to a standstill as Ichiban experienced the gentle and heavenly sensation of her soft lips pressing against his. It was as if he was living in a dream.

As she wrapped her arms around his neck for support, it wasn't just a brief peck. It was a long, deep kiss that seemed to make his brain stop functioning altogether. It felt like an eternity had passed, and Ichiban remained motionless, unsure of what to do. He was as still as a statue throughout the whole moment.

It was the moment she pulled away that he realized what he had just done, making his face go bright red. He sputtered and stammered, unable to form a coherent word as Akane gave him her usual smirk, a light blush on her cheeks.

Before her arms relaxed, and her eyes closed slowly.

"A-Akane?" He muttered.

"Sona Sitri's temporary piece, Akane Amamiya, has been eliminated."

"Ah…" It was the moment she was teleported away that he realized she'd lost consciousness.

Almost as if he'd forgotten where he was, Ichiban remained in place, still in utter shock at what had just happened. He touched his lips, trying to imagine that sensation again, but unfortunately, he was unable to. Did that really happen or was he going insane?

Partner.

But why would she do such a thing? Did she actually feel the same way towards him? He knew that her 'challenge' and that picture highly eluded to it, but a part of him expected her to prank him. Somehow. For some reason.

Partner?

Wouldn't it make sense? She lived for the teasing, so wouldn't it be the perfect opportunity to bring his hopes up so much before messing with him? It'd be cruel, sure, but not too cruel for Akane to do.

Partner, the redhead's energy is fading fast!

But now that she did this, then did she actually mean what she said? Ichiban wasn't delusional or dense enough to ignore this. Kissing him? That meant something. It definitely did. Meaning if he won, then she might actually—

KASUGA, FOCUS!

Ddraig's roar made him flinch and shook him out of his stupor as he looked at where Rias and Sona fought. Noticing Rias' energy suddenly disappearing prompted him to charge as fast as he could.

But to his horror, it was too late.

"Rias Gremory has been eliminated. The winner is Sona Sitri."




A few minutes earlier…

– Rias –

Despite her boasting, she knew this wasn't going to be easy. Sona knew her mind inside and out, so her childhood friend would probably counter any plan she could've made. Did that make planning useless? Of course not. It made it doubly important to figure out a way she could catch her off guard.

And for the most part, everything had been proceeding smoothly. It was still tricky with Akane's little ice toys swarming her peerage, but it was nothing they couldn't handle. And with her destruction aura, they couldn't make it close to Rias before they were annihilated.

So, really, this was a battle of attrition. The first one to collapse from either team would make the rest crumble soon after. And with them being equally matched, it was very close. Admittedly, Rias did expect to win very soon into the match, but she had a feeling Akane was preparing something.

Where at first, she had relied on Kasuga to beat her as quickly as possible, it had now turned into a spectacle between the two humans as they, too, were equals. This complicated things— it seemed that the best she could rely on was to distract her.

But Rias wasn't stupid. She knew something like this might happen, so she prepared a backup plan with the use of her beloved Akeno—their true ace. Even if she wasn't as strong as her or Sona, her holy lightning was incredibly potent. A single direct hit was all she needed to knock out any of the devils present in this match.

With that, Rias had made it very clear that Akeno would be staying hidden and monitoring the battle until she found a chance to zap Sona when she least expected it. Her childhood friend, of course, predicted this and made her peerage look for Akeno.

If she was found, even if not defeated, their plan would be in ruins because then it'd be tough for her to go back to hiding. Plus, Sona would be far more alert of her presence.

Thankfully, so far, Akeno had been doing well, even as Tsubaki, Momo, and Reya were tearing apart Kuoh looking for her. Rias knew she could rely on her Queen.

But as the match continued, Rias and Sona had grown increasingly exhausted. With her destruction power, she might've forced her rival on the back foot, but Sona was deliberately playing defensively, conserving her energy better than the redhead.

Not by a massive degree, but just enough that it made Rias feel a little worried.

"Well, then…" She breathed, landing on the ground. She looked up at the floating Sona, who spread her bat-like wings. "I knew someone like you isn't gonna fall down easily. As expected from my beloved childhood friend~"

Sona said nothing.

"Though, I can't help but wonder something." Rias' smile dropped, replaced with a slightly worried frown. "…Are you okay?"

This made her pause.

"What?"

"It's just, I don't know, you seem like you're really mad." She responded. "Like, mad mad. Did I do something wrong?"

Sona visibly winced but refused to give her a proper answer.

"Asking about me in the middle of a fight?" Sona narrowed her eyes. "Bold. Stupid, but bold."

"It's just a game, Sona. I get that I can be competitive, but it's not something worth getting upset over. Even if it's the finals of a tournament." The redhead argued. Then, she shook her head. "But you're right. I guess I can ask you after this is over."

She charged a blast of destruction in her right fist, quickly blasting Sona, who flew away and avoided the attack. And as Rias took off to the sky, their battle resumed. The Sitri devil focused on avoiding her attacks, keeping a distance between them as Rias struggled to land any hit.

She knew that she just needed to land a few hits to actually defeat Sona, or at least slow her down so Akeno could pick her off, but this wasn't easy. Both of them were used to fighting someone much faster than they were. Simple blasts from a distance this large weren't going to cut it. Rias had to get closer.

So she focused on gaining more momentum until she was close enough to slam her childhood friend down to the ground, but Sona wasn't so fragile, and she simply flipped and continued fleeing.

This time, however, Sona used her magic to keep Rias at bay, casting several water spells in the shape of animals. Eagles, tigers, rhinos— dozens charged at her, but Rias only created a single cast of her destruction magic that tore through everything in her way, making her smirk.

That smirk immediately dropped as she noticed the eastern dragon directly above her, smashing her into the ground and filling her lungs with water. She gurgled and bit down a cry, flexing her magic and unleashing a destruction aura that annihilated it.

But as soon as she did, Sona was right in front of her, slashing at her with sharp water knives. Rias reacted, side-stepping and kicking the Sitri devil in the side, making her grunt in pain before she pointed a blast of destruction at her face.

Unfortunately for the redhead, Sona acted fast enough to slap her arm away, prompting her to miss her mark. Her childhood friend followed up with an unexpected punch to the face that disorientated Rias, giving her a window to cast another water dragon that dragged the Gremory Devil across the town, drowning her in the process.

Once more, Rias used her power of destruction, crushing Sona's magic. But this time, she managed to predict Sona's next attack, striking her with a headbutt before getting stabbed in the side by the water knife. The Sitri devil gasped in pain, displaying a moment of weakness that the redhead capitalized on by lunging at her.

Tackled down, Sona was pinned to the ground, prompting Rias to wail at her with heavy punches that cracked and shattered the concrete floor. Her rival struggled to defend herself properly, suffering significant damage as she bled from her nose, mouth, and a small wound on her forehead.

As the redhead prepared a blast that would surely end the fight, Sona evidently decided that enough was enough as she exploded her power with a roar, pushing Rias away with a tidal wave that consumed half the town.

Seeing this, Rias smirked widely, seeing her queen having finished preparing her spell.

"Now, Akeno!"

Sona's eyes widened in shock as she finally noticed Akeno above them in the sky, lightning crackling around her as she finally showed herself to deliver the final blow. In a desperate attempt to protect herself, Sona was in the process of creating another dragon.

"It's too late, Sona!" Rias claimed confidently. "We win—?!"

Right before Akeno released her spell, she screamed in pain, and Rias watched in horror as an ice bullet pierced her chest, interrupting her cast, freezing her whole, and instantly knocking her out.

"Rias Gremory's Queen, Akeno Himejima, has been eliminated."

What?! Rias' eyes were wide with horror before she scowled in anger. Akane…!

But that wasn't the end, as with Sona's back still turned, Rias used the opportunity to blast her with the power of destruction. The attack struck true, causing a large explosion that tore the ground apart, causing smoke and debris to cover the area.

Knowing this wasn't enough, Rias prepared another blast before a small, sphere-like piece of metal was thrown her way. The redhead stared at it for a second before her eyes went wide in recognition, aiming the blast at it.

But the anti-magic grenade was activated, and it was already too late. The destabilizing effect on her magic caused Rias to gasp in pain, her body shuddering from the uncomfortable tingles as her energy flow became disrupted, bringing her to her knees.

She couldn't even stand up as Sona approached with broken glasses and damaged clothes but a victorious smirk. Rias looked at her with an annoyed scowl.

"I didn't think you'd resort to cheating…" Rias spat with an accusation. "Anti-magic technology? Akane gave it to you, didn't she?"

"Correct." She confirmed. "And is it really cheating? At the end of the day, they're weapons. Tools to be used. And last I checked, they're not banned from Rating Games."

Rias growled in response.

"Really, weren't you trying to do the same thing with Akeno?" Sona asked. Before the redhead could respond, she continued. "The only difference is that I hid my trump card better than you."

"Sona Sitri's temporary piece, Akane Amamiya, has been eliminated."

The announcement surprised the two, but it prompted Sona to act quickly.

"I guess that's that." She muttered, grabbing Rias by the collar and smirking at her. "Better luck next time."

"You bitch…" Rias snarled.

"Oh wait." Her smirk became insufferable to look at. "There isn't a next time~"

The redhead couldn't snark back before she was struck in the face, and with her so weakened by the anti-magic grenade, Rias immediately lost consciousness.





– Sirzechs –

"Rias Gremory has been eliminated. The winner is Sona Sitri."

"Haha! I knew it! I knew she'd win!" Serafall got up from her seat and cheered with joyous laughter. "Sona-tan is the best! Take that, Zechs!"

Sirzechs sighed deeply. Close to victory— so close it was practically a 50/50 chance. But with Akane's unexpected maneuver and Sona's anti-magic grenade, they'd managed to snatch victory from his sister's clutches.

He wasn't going to lie; that was pretty frustrating to see, but the match had been incredible. He couldn't have gotten a better finale than this. Besides, seeing Sona and her peerage cheerfully celebrate together as they were teleported out of the dimension, he couldn't help but smile.

His sister was going to be annoyed when she woke up, but there were always the championships. At the end of the day, this tournament was just there to gauge their potential, and her team, as well as Sona's and Sai's, were more than good enough to enter the league.

Even without the help of their human friends, they'd do incredibly well regardless. And who knew, even though the championship tournament would begin very soon, maybe they'd be able to find more recruits after such an explosive match.

After all, this match had been live-streamed for free. Anyone interested in Rating Games should definitely consider joining Sona or Rias after watching this. He hoped. Akane and Ichiban might've stolen the show with their performance, admittedly.

Sirzechs usually never bothered with affairs that didn't involve him or his people, but even he had to admit. He was very interested to see where these two would be in five years. So much talent and potential…

They had a bright future ahead of them for sure.
She did not, in fact, flash him. She wouldn't do that when the match is live-streamed lol.

Close enough, though.

Also, I almost wrote her losing the match, but that would make her very unpleasant to read for the next few chapters. She does not take a loss well.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 137 others
Mirlnir
Dec 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 55: Princess' Obsession
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#914
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu




– Akane –

The relentless glare of the sun pierces through the window, hitting my eyes and prompting a fatigued groan to escape my lips. I scowl, reluctantly peeling my eyes open and squinting against the harsh light. As I push myself into a sitting position, I instinctively rub my eyes, and after blinking a few times, I take a moment to gather my bearings and assess my environment.

I quickly notice that I'm back in my room—the one in Kuoh town; however, it takes a little longer for the implications and the events leading up to this moment to fully register in my mind.

Why do I feel so sluggish? I don't know why, but this doesn't feel like waking up from regular sleep. My head is pounding for some reason, and I really want to go back to bed, knowing damn well that that won't be happening.

"Good morning." Lucifer greets me, materializing in front of me.

"Mhm…" I mumble and yawn. "What time is it?"

"Seven thirty in the morning." He answers, glancing at the digital clock on top of the drawer next to my bed.

"Ugh, what the hell. It's too early to wake up." I complain, lying on my back again. "Fuck that. I'm skipping school today."

"Already going back to sleep?" Lucy asks in amusement. "Don't you think you've had enough?"

"Shuddup. A gorgeous princess like me needs her beauty sleep." I murmur, covering myself with the blanket. "I can worry about whatever tomorrow."

"Is that so?" He hums. "And here I thought you'd start celebrating your victory."

As I'm about to ask him what the hell he's talking about, realization hits, prompting me to leap out of the bed with eyes wide in shock. I don't know why, but the first thing that came out of my mouth was a question I very much knew the answer to.

"Did I win?!" I question, but before he can answer, I bring up my stat page, and my face breaks into a huge grin. "Hahaha! I won! I won! I'm the best!"

All the fatigue I felt before vanishes in an instant at the wonderful news as I energetically jump around my room in joy. Lucifer chuckles at my childish reaction, but I don't give a fuck about that. I'm the fucking BEST, and I just proved it to the whole goddamn world!

Even though the odds were stacked against me— even though I was against the favored winners of the tournament— EVEN THOUGH I decided to play with fire and motivated the 'strongest' with everything he could want, I still pulled through and proved nobody could put me down. I'm the greatest in this new 'talented' generation by a LONG shot! It's not even close!

I tempted fate, broke it in half, and turned it into my bitch. There's NO feeling in this universe could compare to this. Not even devouring souls. God, it's like I really am the center of the universe. I knew I was perfect before, but this is somehow beyond what I expected from myself. Somehow, I exceeded my own expectations.

And now, all those points are mine. Holy shit, I feel like I'm about to pass out from joy seeing everything coming together like that. Watching all of my stats jump by a thousand each is by far the greatest thing ever. It's the biggest boost I've ever gotten.

[Essence of the Demon Lord] – Perk – 2500 CHA

With such force within, a fragment of your soul has gained a powerful essence. This is only the beginning…

All villain-type entities will be far more likely to serve you under the right circumstances.

All villain-type subordinates become empowered when they fight with you.

All villain-type subordinates are immensely loyal to you.

You strike fear in the hearts of hero-type entities standing against you and weaken them.

Note: This perk can change depending on the user's current alignment.

[Demon Champion] – Unique Title

Through a set of trials and challenges, you've far more than proven your strength and wit to a society of demonic beings, and beyond mere respect, you've also gained their adoration. Demons idolize you. Whether that's good or bad depends; only time will tell.

Passive: All demonic entities will usually view you in a positive light and won't look down on you if you're not one of them unless you've done something to warrant such a response.

Active: All demonic skills and spells come naturally to you and are 50% easier to learn. All demonic skills and spells deal 25% more damage.

Note: Unique Titles can evolve and change under specific circumstances.

All of these are just what I hoped to see. Demon Champion won't be of any help right now, but it's huge for the long run. It is also worth pointing out that it is upgradable. Also, once I get my hands on Demonic Magic — after upgrading my Devour skill — and then get Blondie's portal power, mastering it won't be as hard.

I could also just steal her power without getting demonic magic first. I don't want to limit it to the clan trait called 'Hole'. I want something stronger. Something more versatile and better. And last I checked, system magic surpasses everything in this world as long as I level them up appropriately.

But that's for future Akane to decide. Right now, I'm just confused as to why I didn't get any perk for reaching 5k in strength, which is a huge milestone, by the way. I'm pretty sure that's low Satan-class level. I guess 2.5k is the final milestone perk? That would make sense. They're called 'Essences' and getting all seven of them will net me a new perk.

And I just have the LUK essence remaining.

Yup, winning this tournament is just the best thing ever to have happened to me.

"Akane?" I hear my mother call out, making me freeze. "You okay in there?"

"Uh, yeah." I clear my throat as she opens the door. "I didn't wake you up, did I?"

"Naw, I woke up like ten minutes ago. I was just surprised by your shouting." She waves it off, leaning against the doorframe in her bathrobe and smirking at me. "So, how's my little goblin feeling today~?"

"I told you to stop calling me that or else." I scoff playfully. "But, well, I'll let it slide. I'm feeling too victorious to be getting mad at your dumbass."

"Haha, that's the cutest in the world, alright. Winning that tournament made you real famous, y'know?" She giggles. "Anyway, since you're awake early, wanna grab a bite before school?"

"Sure. I'll just go wash up and meet you downstairs." I accept her offer. "What about Asia?"

"Still asleep," Mizuki answers. "She, uh, might've accidentally drank a little too much last night during the celebratory party."

"What?" I blink. "Asia had alcohol?"

There was a party? Why didn't anyone tell me?

"Ah, right, you were asleep at the time." She mutters. "Some of your friends convinced her to have a few drinks since it's legal in the underworld."

"Are you serious? How can you be so irresponsible? Asia is already vulnerable enough sober," I scold my own mother with a glare, making her shuffle awkwardly. "Why weren't you there to stop her?"

I internally wonder why I care about that so much for a split second, but that quickly flies out the window once she responds.

"…Promise you won't be mad."

"You were drowning in booze, too, weren't you?" I accuse. At her silence, I can't help but sigh deeply. "You're an embarrassing alcoholic. You shame our family's name."

"I can't help it!" She whines with an exaggerated tone before clutching her chest dramatically, playing a bit. "I was so proud of you, my beloved gremlin, for showing the world what you're made of! I had to drink in your honor!"

At any other time, I would've found this act of hers annoying, but considering my mood, I can't help but snort in amusement.

"Valid point." I shrug. "You're lucky you gave birth to me."

"Mhm! Luckiest in all the realms! Everywhere I go, everyone looks at me, green with envy, saying things like 'Gah! I wish I had a gremlin-like daughter like her!' And things like that!" She adds. My expression twitches at her constant use of 'gremlin'. "Ah, if only she didn't act like a rabid gorilla half the time."

"Fuck you say?"

"I said if only she loved me as much as I loved her." She sniffs. "Alas, tis only a one-sided affair. Such a cruel world we live in."

"You have five seconds to get the fuck out of my sight before I shove my foot up your ass," I warn her half-jokingly. "Five—"

"Whoops, would you look at the time?" My mother checks her nonexistent watch. "Better get ready before it's too late! I'll wait for you downstairs~"

She rushes out of my room and sprints to her room as she giggles to herself, having 'successfully' annoyed me. And she calls me a gremlin. She's over forty years old, yet can't even act half her age.

…At the same time, I don't know why, but something about it makes me feel something resembling relief.

"You don't seem as mad about these antics of hers as you usually do," Lucifer says, seemingly very entertained by my mom's dumb acts.

"I don't care what she does. I just won a tournament," I say quietly with a satisfied sigh, sitting on my bed again. "But really, was there any doubt?"

"Some, I suppose," Lucifer admits. "That… maneuver right at the end caught me off guard. You kept saying you had a 'secret weapon' to use against the dragon boy, but I certainly did not expect you to do that. Nor did I expect it to work so well."

"Ah…" My face glows as I remember what I did to Ichi. "Well, it worked, didn't it? That's all that matters. I'd rather not think about it."

Lucifer chuckles at my very obvious embarrassment. I'm not going to lie; that took considerable courage from me, and I might've almost choked. Kissing him is one thing; kissing him in front of the whole world is an entirely different story.

I knew it would work since not even he would expect something like that, but it was still very embarrassing. Also, missing the chance to see his face right after was painful.

Also also, I might've gotten him in trouble for doing that. Low-level errand boy kissing the daughter of a yakuza legend? He might just be fucked there. Granted, I'm the one who initiated it, but I don't think they're gonna care.

But it's okay. I'm going to take responsibility and protect him. Probably. I mean, what are they gonna do if I tell them to fuck off? They'll obey me with their heads down like dogs. Unless the order was from Daigo, but I'm sure I can convince him to fuck off too. Politely, of course.

Also, I just woke up from a mini-coma after getting my ass handed to me, as much as I hate to admit. Thankfully, the high I'm feeling from winning the tournament far overshadows the annoyance I feel for losing a fight I was ready to lose anyway.

However, the frustration is still there, and now that I think more about our battle, it's only growing.

Let's be honest: if this were a real fight to the death, I would've won in an instant. After all, during the beginning of the battle, I was trying to avoid killing Ichiban— that's how deadly my ice magic is. Ichiban is strong because of his adaptability, so all I need to do is kill him before he adapts.

I was trying to find a way to knock him out without dealing too much damage and wounding him because even though we have a thousand healers on standby, I don't want to look like a psychopath. Unfortunately, that balance was too hard to strike, so I chose the original plan.

It worked out in the end, and that's all that matters to me. I seriously deserve a vacation after this. Nobody else could've pulled off something like this. I'm just that special~

"Anyway, knowing and proving I'm the greatest in the universe makes me feel a little peckish," I say. "And you know what someone like the great Akane Amamiya deserves?"

Lucifer pauses before making a fantastic guess.

"Chocolate-based breakfast?"

"Precisely~" I giggle. I deserve all the sweets in the world. "Now you're learning~"

"Seeing you enjoy food so much makes me feel a little jealous, I'll admit." He sighs regretfully. "I never imagined losing my sense of taste could be so difficult."

Poor guy. Oh well. Better him than me.

Living without chocolate sounds like an utter nightmare.





– Sona –

Reading through some of the reports given to her by the yakuza stationed in Kuoh, Sona couldn't help but sigh. Now that the treaty had gone through, her workload here had technically lessened since there weren't that many problems anymore, but at the same time, the Tojo clan had decided to put much more trust in her taking care of the town, meaning she and Rias needed to take their jobs a lot more seriously. And since they hadn't been in Kuoh for a few days, work had begun to pile up. She was behind.

Sona admittedly liked this development—having to do actual work and have people depend on her to make decisions. It was good practice for when she returned to the underworld to do her real job as a heiress and eventually head of the Sitri pillar. It was hard and time-consuming, but that was what she'd always wanted to do anyway. She knew what was waiting for her.

"Ah, Amamiya-san. Good morning."

"Morning, Tsubaki. Only you and Sona here today? Where's the rest?"

…That was until today.

After the tournament finals wrapped up yesterday, life very quickly shifted back to its usual routine. Sona, Rias, and their human friends returned to Kuoh, where they began preparing for school the following day. The excitement of their little break had come to an end, and now they were back to balancing their studies and preparing for their upcoming exams. Besides their work on taking care of the town, of course.

But for Sona, it wasn't as easy to adapt as she thought. Even though it was supposed to be— they'd only had three days off for Lucifer's sake. And she never had any trouble changing routines or anything like that before. It should never be this difficult for someone like Sona.

…But she just couldn't forget what she'd witnessed during her match with Rias.

"They're taking the day off, I'm afraid."

"All of them? How did that happen?"

"As embarrassing as it is to say, they had too much alcohol."

The scene of Akane manhandling the one who was supposed to be the strongest in the entire tournament kept replaying in her head over and over. Sona just couldn't make sense of it, no matter how hard she tried. She even lost sleep over it.

Thankfully, during the party, she managed to keep her mind off it for a bit. Her high of winning against Rias, as well as seeing her team celebrating their victory, helped her ignore that nagging feeling of inferiority lurking within the back of her mind.

But not for long, as when she was in bed and alone with her thoughts, they returned tenfold. Sona tried to ignore them— she truly tried, but she just couldn't. Her confusion would turn into frustration and anger at herself. And she couldn't understand why either. It wasn't like it had ever bothered her that Akane was stronger than her.

"Ah, that's it? Who cares. You girls deserve the whole week off after that great play."

"You're too kind, Amamiya-san. But I don't think we would've done it without you."

"Obviously. I was the key to victory, but credit where credit's due. You all did well, too."

"Hahaha, never change, Amamiya-san."

But not to that degree. She thought to herself. Am I just… that weak?

The thought made her stomach turn, but it just… didn't make sense to her to feel that way. Sona had never been particularly power-hungry in any way. Sure, she'd known power was important if she wanted devils to follow her, but it had always been a 'need', never a 'want'.

And now… all she could think about was trying to keep up. Not surpass Akane or something ambitious like that. Indeed, Sona was desperate to just be on the same level. The mere thought of being left behind made her feel terrible. It wasn't just frustration or fear.

It truly made her enraged, to the point of feeling like she was wasting her time at school despite knowing how important her job was.

Each time she thought about her achievements, she realized that she would always play second-fiddle or mere dead weight. Against Kokabiel? David, Kasuga, and Akane had taken center stage. She'd barely done any damage and had ended up incapacitated. The tournament? Akane had done all the work. Invasion? She couldn't even prevent Shalba from kidnapping her dearest friend. The finals? The catalyst of her feeling this way to begin with.

But at the end of the day, she knew that this anger wasn't directed at Akane. Because despite everything, Akane had put her trust in Sona, which was what helped her realize that this problem was her own and no one else's.

Right…? In reality, Sona felt very conflicted. She knew it wasn't Akane's fault, but still…

Sona sighed to herself. No, she couldn't think like this. Blaming Akane for this— it wasn't fair. This twinge of resentment… it meant nothing. She shouldn't dwell on those poisonous thoughts any longer—

"OI!" Her crush yelled, slamming her hand on the table in front of Sona.

"Eeek?!" She yelped and flinched in surprise, looking at Akane as she quickly readjusted her glasses. "A-akane?! What are you doing here?"

"Am I not allowed to visit and say hi?" She responded with a snort. "Honestly, what's with you? I've been calling for you for a while."

"A-ah, is that so?" Sona cleared her throat and quickly recomposed herself. "Sorry. I was just… distracted, I suppose."

"Distracted is one way to put it," Akane said before smirking and leaning closer. "I wonder what you're distracted by, though~"

"Nothing," Sona replied, though not in a way her crush expected, as a frown took over her face. "It was nothing important."

Akane blinked and straightened her back.

"You alright?" She asked, giving Sona's hand a quick glance.

Sona caught the glance, and when she followed her sight, she saw how hard she was gripping her pen, prompting her to relax.

"Yes." Sona nodded, realizing how she must've sounded just now, so she quickly tried to say anything. "It's just… the realization that I'll be doing paperwork for the rest of my life."

"Heh." Akane snorted. "I don't know what you're complaining about. It suits a nerd like you."

"I'm not a nerd."

"You're wearing glasses even though you don't have any problems with your eyesight."

"It's called fashion."

"Yeah, fashion for nerds." Akane chuckled. "Though I like it better on you anyway, so I guess you're right."

Sona blushed.

"I-I see. Thank you for the compliment, I suppose." Sona said just as her glasses were snatched by her human friend. "H-hey! What are you doing?"

"Hey, Tsubaki, how do I look?" She said, putting them on. "Am I as nerdy?"

"Stop that." Sona frowned. "Give them back already."

"Well…" Her queen paused, taking a good look. "I think it suits you."

"Pfft, no way." Akane scoffed, taking them off. "With my hair the way it is, I look like a complete loser with no friends."

"So nothing's changed, then." Sona snarked, snatching the glasses back and putting them on.

"Says the girl in love with me," Akane said as casually as one possibly could, making Tsubaki's eyes widen and Sona's heart skip a beat.

How the hell did she know?! It wasn't like Sona was obvious… right?

"I-I-I am NOT in love with you!" Sona denied, her face going red. "Stop making things up!"

"It's not like it's anything new." She added with a shrug, making Sona pray for the ground to swallow her right now. "Everyone knows it already."

Everyone?! Sona thought, growing more and more embarrassed. How?!

Sona glanced at her Queen, who gave her a panicked look, making her realize that, yeah, she had NOT been subtle about her feelings at all. Even Tsubaki knew? Was she seriously that obvious? But why didn't anyone— why didn't Akane say anything about it?

Had she perhaps been waiting for Sona to shoot her shot? Was that really it, and this was her way of hinting at it? But wasn't Akane in love with Ichiban? She'd seen the recording of the match earlier today— kissing him as a distraction move, which may or may not have made the poor devil heartbroken.

…This was going to sound wild, but could she be trying to build some kind of mixed harem? While pretty rare, a woman building a harem wasn't exactly unheard of. If she acted the same way toward Sona as she did with Ichiban, then that made this theory more probable.

Sona didn't mind it all that much— it was pretty normal in their culture, so if that was really the case, then… should she confess? But would she get rejected? Sona didn't want to make their relationship awkward if she did misunderstand the signs.

But at the same time, Akane wouldn't have hinted at it if she was going to reject her, right? She was kind of sadistic sometimes, but she wouldn't do anything that cruel. Right? Right. They were friends, and Sona trusted her wholeheartedly.

So, if that was really her chance, then… Sona had to do what must be done. She had to be transparent about her feelings.

She had to confess.

"…A-Akane, the truth is, I—"

"I mean, who isn't in love with me?" Akane snorted. In an instant, Sona's anticipation was replaced with immense annoyance and exasperation. "I bet even your sister fell for me too."

"Enough of this!" Sona yelled, feeling the blue-balls of a fucking lifetime. "For the last time, the world doesn't revolve around you!"

"Um, yes, it does?" Her infuriating crush responded in an incredibly aggravating, matter-of-fact tone. "I'm literally the main character and the chosen one."

Instantly drained out of her will to argue, Sona covered her face and let out a long, drawn-out sigh. Tsubaki's barely contained laughter wasn't helping her mood.

"…Go back to your class." She said.

"But the bell—"

The bell rang.

"Huh, great timing," Akane said cluelessly. "Well, I'll be going now. Wanna hang out at our usual spot later after school?"

After playing with her nerves like that, Sona truly wanted to tell her to fuck right off and hug the nearest cactus.

"…Sure." She sighed again.

But she was hopelessly in love.





– Ichiban –

Staring at the plain white ceiling of his apartment, frustration and anger bubbled within him. The memory of their painful loss replayed in his mind over and over, and each moment intensified his irritation. He just couldn't shake the disappointment of falling for Akane's ridiculous trick. Seriously? That was how they'd lost?

Of all the ways they could've been defeated, All these hours preparing, planning, and theorizing of what her supposed 'secret weapon' could've been, it was a kiss. A stupid fucking kiss that completely blindsided him and his entire team. Something so simple yet so utterly unexpected from Akane.

He thought she'd made some powerful weapon like her armor without anyone knowing. Something that might rival his Balance Breaker and maybe dwarf it in power. Ichiban had been so worried about her making something that might defeat him that a mere distraction never crossed his mind.

And for it to work so well that it left him stunned for more than five whole seconds… Ichiban felt ashamed of himself. He'd failed his team because of a stupid kiss. Had he been more resolute, he would've recovered faster and knocked Sona out before Rias had been defeated.

Although Rias didn't blame him, nor did she try to, saying she should've expected the Anti-magic grenade Sona had, considering who she was teaming up with, Ichiban still felt largely responsible for the loss. They'd had everything they needed to win, and yet they'd blown it.

One might wonder why he would care so much about a tournament that they never really needed to win in the first place, but losing despite so many advantages made him seriously upset. Maybe it was his competitiveness or unwillingness to lose to Akane, of all people. He didn't know.

He sighed deeply, calming his nerves.

Ichiban knew he should let it go. All things considered, it wasn't serious. It was, at the end of the day, a fun final match of a fun tournament that they didn't know they could enter to begin with. Besides, they made a great show for the whole world to see.

"It's just a game if you really think about it," He muttered quietly. "It's in the name, too. 'Rating Game'. So who cares if we lost?"

He wasn't sure if he was trying to convince himself or not, but it was pathetic. He couldn't imagine the look on Arakawa's face if he saw Ichiban right now. All sad and depressed. He shouldn't let the little things bother him.

…Oh, who was he kidding? He just lost his chance with Akane! That challenge she gave him— how could he have lost the opportunity to experience something 'better than stripping' as she put it? Was she even serious when she said that?

She couldn't have been messing with him then, right? Unless she was just that confident she'd win? Would she have gone through with it had he won? Ichiban would never because his dumbass had blown it. He fucked it all up.

Goddamn it. He clicked his tongue. And not like she made it any easier.

Each time their eyes would meet, Akane proceeded to give him the biggest, smuggest grin she could muster, and it pissed him off to no end. She fucking KNEW how he was feeling and wanted him to feel even worse. She never directly approached him to make fun of him, but she didn't need to.

That fucking smile did all the work.

This only made him realize that he needed to take his training even more seriously. Seeing Akane easily keeping up with him was eye-opening, to say the least. He couldn't let her enjoy victory for too long, or her ego would overtake the Earth and crush them all under its weight.

And, well, remembering what that robot had done during the invasion worried him immensely.

These Amon people… they could disable Sacred Gears. Just what the hell was he supposed to do against that? Without Ddraig, Ichiban was barely at the level of High-class. Which was nothing to scoff at, of course, but compared to his peers? He was an ant.

He couldn't let something like that happen again. He'd been so powerless that he couldn't even take care of a single robot. What use would he be without the Boosted Gear? Just what was he without it?

It gave him immense power, but was relying on it this much wise?

Of course not, partner. Ddraig told him. The Boosted Gear is merely a weapon, but what use is a weapon without a skilled user?

But what am I supposed to do? He responded. I'm not… good enough without it.

So? Be good enough without it. Ddraig snorted. What we experienced during that battle has never happened with any of my past wielders, but perhaps it was for the better that it happened to you.

Ichiban blinked.

What do you mean?

Is it not obvious? Now you realize that, as much as I hate to admit it, the Boosted Gear is only half of what makes the user. He explained. The other half is the user themselves.

Ichiban quickly understood what his partner was saying.

"The stronger I am, the better the Boosted Gear becomes." He said out loud.

Precisely. Ddraig confirmed. An ant boosting itself a hundred times still won't make it half as strong as a low-class. But a mighty dragon boosting itself once…

"Makes it twice the powerhouse." Ichiban clenched his fist. "I think I get it. I just have to get better at other things like ki control, right? That way, I have more than just the Boosted Gear to rely on, like Touki or my own raw strength."

And Ichiban knew it was possible. He'd seen Sairaorg do that exact thing. He might be a devil with a more durable body, but he was talentless when it came to magic, just like Ichiban. All he needed to do was continue and intensify his training.

He needed to get better at using his ki and find a way to minimize the energy he'd lose when activating Touki, like how Sai did it. During their match, Ichiban felt like he was wasting his energy a hundred times faster than he was. If Ichiban were to somehow refine it to a point where it just became his base state…

Ichiban also knew that Sairaorg had refined his technique to a point where his Touki was a lot more powerful than his or Akane's. He should ask Mizuki to teach him advanced ki techniques. Or he could train with Saejima again. He was sure that a legendary yakuza like him would know a trick or two.

Thinking about it this way, it was no wonder Ichi felt like he was being left behind. He still had so much more to learn, which excited him.

He couldn't let a loss or two bring him down like that. He was Ichiban fucking Kasuga— he'd lived in fucking Kamurocho most of his life. Ten minutes in that godforsaken town was so much worse than any of the stuff he'd experienced outside of it. This was nothing.

As that thought crossed his mind, someone knocked on his door, making him blink. Ichiban quickly got off his bed and went to the door, and when he opened it, he saw Akane standing outside, proudly puffing her chest and smirking.

For a split-second, he regretted tempting fate, but a small, reasonable part of him made him think that maybe she wasn't here to be an annoying piece of shit.

So, as he went to ask what she was doing here, she boldly and bluntly claimed:

"I have come here to make fun of you for losing."

Ichiban promptly shut the door.

But Akane acted fast and put her foot in front of it, preventing him from closing it.

"Fuck off!" He yelled at her, struggling to keep her out. "I'm not in the mood for you right now!"

"Tough." She snickered before forcing the door open and pushing him inside. "My royal decree demands that you let me in!"

Ichiban scowled at her as she closed the door behind her. His scowl then dropped as he sighed deeply, rubbing his temples tiredly. Well, it wasn't like he could've stopped her. It was probably for the better. Having her make fun of him in front of other people would be a much worse alternative.

"Whatever." He said, preparing for his pride to be shattered once again. "Just get it over with and leave already."

"Nice place." She spoke, ignoring him as she walked past him, scanning the tiny apartment. "Kinda small though, ain't it? Kitchen, bathroom, and a bedroom."

"I'm sorry for being poor." He responded dryly. "Not having a job isn't easy."

"But you do have a job." She blinked, glancing at him. "Are you not getting paid for being my bodyguard?"

"Uh… I mean, I get a monthly allowance from Arakawa-san?" He rubbed his neck. "I wouldn't call it being 'paid' though."

"Damn. The yakuza are assholes, huh?" Akane said, walking to his bedroom. "Don't worry, though; I'll get that fixed soon."

"Get it fixed?"

"Anyway, what kind of porn mags do you have?" She asked, checking under his bed.

"Wha— Hey, stop!" Ichiban's face went red as he tried to stop her. However, she just snatched one and dodged him. "I said stop!"

"Oh." Her eyes went wide as she took a good look at some of the definitely not-doujins he put under his bed before she snickered to herself. "Big butts, big tits, mostly wholesome imagery. Besides the suspicious amount of cow-print bikini based porn, you're so vanilla~"

"Please leave." He said.

"But I guess that makes sense. I never took you for some hardcore porn addict like Issei. Did you know that he used to watch porn with his friends?" She responded, completely ignoring him. "Unless you're hiding the real material somewhere else?"

"Don't you think you're violating my privacy here?" Ichi quickly gave up on stopping her, knowing there was nothing he could do. "How would you feel if I did that to you?"

"I don't watch porn since it's for losers who can't get laid, but if you really wanna know, I'm into femdom."

Ichiban wasn't sure what to do with that information.

"I'm not asking about—" His blush intensified, but he managed to stop his brain from making really funny but distracting images. "Can you please just do what you're here to do and piss off?"

"Hm? Oh, you mean that thing about making fun of you? I wasn't serious." She blinked and threw the doujins away. "I actually came here because I heard there was a party last night."

"Yeah. You missed out, by the way." He nodded. "But what about it? What does it have to do with anything?"

"Well, since I couldn't attend that one, I thought I'd have my own type of party." She continued, her face breaking into a smirk as she took two wine glasses and a very expensive-looking bottle of champagne out of her not-inventory. "You in?"

"What the—" His eyes widened. "Where did you get that from?!"

"Remember the resort in the underworld?" She said. "Well, let's just say that they won't notice a bottle missing."

"Haha, holy shit!" Ichiban couldn't help but laugh, his attitude doing a complete 180. "Fuck yeah, I'm in! I never had anything like this before!"

"Knew it. That's why I came here." Akane giggled, handing him the bottle. They sat down opposite each other next to the floor table. "C'mon, pour the winner a glass~"

"Aye, aye~" As he was about to do so, he paused. "Wait, but we're back in Japan."

"So?" Akane raised a brow. "Who gives a fuck if it's illegal? It's not the first time we've broken the law."

"Fair enough." Ichiban shrugged, pouring each glass for her and himself.

As he set the bottle aside, he grabbed his glass and raised it, clanking it with hers.

"Kanpai!"




Slamming her glass on the table, Akane scowled deeply.

"What the fuck is his problem?!" Akane questioned, face slightly flushed after a few rounds of drinking. "Is he just an ass for the hell of it?!"

"That's not it. Calm down." Ichiban tried to soothe her, now realizing that maybe he shouldn't have talked about the Arakawa Family captain in front of her. "Look, he's an asshole, but he's still loyal, and Arakawa-san trusts him."

"I don't give a fuck. That doesn't give him the right to treat you like shit." She scoffed. "What's his name again? Sawashiro?"

"Y-yeah."

"Right, I'll remember it." She said. "I'm beating him up when I see him and have him kicked out of the clan."

"It's really not that serious," He sighed.

"Yes, it is. Nobody fucks with my things and gets away with it." She insisted. Things? "Don't worry, Ichi. Your beloved goddess is here to save and protect you."

Ichiban rubbed his eyes tiredly, although he was equally embarrassed and happy seeing how much she cared about him. Granted, calling him her 'thing' was a little weird, but it was just her way of showing affection.

It hadn't been long since they'd started drinking, only maybe an hour or so, but it barely felt like a few minutes. Ichi himself wasn't really drunk as much as he was a little tipsy, but he couldn't say the same for Akane.

Honestly, this conversation with her made him realize that Akane was a massive tsundere. They say drinking made people more honest, and Ichi couldn't deny that after today. She wasn't all that different from her usual self, but his best friend seemed a lot more agreeable and truthful with alcohol in her system.

So when she had him talk about himself and how he'd met Arakawa, when the conversation shifted to Sawashiro — Arakawa's asshole captain — she'd gotten visibly upset. Obviously, the man wasn't some evil, abusive bastard, but he was still a bastard in his own way.

From the way he spoke to Ichiban — constantly calling him an idiot, useless, and a lot worse — to the way he generally treated him, even refusing to train him properly. Ichi didn't like him at all, but because he was his direct superior, Ichiban could never talk back.

All he could do was lower his head and apologize, even if he wasn't in the wrong.

When he'd first gotten accepted by Arakawa, a part of Ichiban had thought that this was Sawashiro's way of testing his patience, but two years later, that seemed a lot less likely. The guy was just an ass.

Though credit where credit was due, he did his job pretty damn well and was intensely loyal. He was Arakawa's captain for a reason. It wasn't Ichiban's place to complain about someone like him when he wasn't even officially part of the family yet.

But he digressed. Akane looked like she genuinely hated him.

"Yeah, thanks. I guess." He said.

"You 'guess'?" She pouted. "What's that supposed to mean? I want real praise. Tell me how much you like me and how great I am."

Ichiban sighed.

"You're the greatest, most beautiful, and coolest girl in all the realms." He said. "And you mean a lot to me."

"Uh-huh. That's good." She then gave him a cheeky grin. "But do I mean more to you than Arakawa?"

"That's— I can't answer that." He said. "You both saved my life, y'know? I can't say which of you means more because both of you are two of the most important people in my life."

"Boring~" She rolled her eyes. "I bet you like me more, but you're embarrassed to say it."

Ichiban didn't say anything.

"But tell you what. If you tell the truth—" Akane's smirk turned sultry as she leaned forward. "I'll give you a little reward~"

"That was the truth." But he was unfazed. "I like you both equally."

"Oh really?" She purred, approaching him like a tiger would its prey. "Are you sure?"

Suddenly, Ichiban felt a chill go down his spine.

"Y-yes." But he remained firm.

"Even if I do this?"

Before Ichiban could ask, Akane pounced, smashing her lips against his. The vivid sensation he'd felt during the match— it came back a thousandfold as he felt her tongue invade his mouth, and it felt like heaven.

It was truly a sensation like nothing else, and with her deepening the kiss like this, making it so very intimate and pleasurable, Ichiban wanted to feel it forever. Kissing a girl was like a dream come true, but kissing someone as drop-dead gorgeous as Akane?

He loved it. He loved her. But because he loved her, he couldn't let this continue on any longer. So unlike last time, Ichiban composed himself very quickly and pushed her off, confusing her greatly.

"I-I can't do this, Akane." He said. "Not when you're drunk. I can't take advantage of you like this."

Instead of snapping her out of it, this made her double down and kiss him again, shutting him up as he felt her hand trail over his chest and crotch, shocking him greatly. Ichiban didn't understand what was going on, and as she backed away, he was going to push her off again before she spoke.

"Don't underestimate me, Ichi. Do you think I'm some kind of lightweight? It'll take way more than half a bottle to make me drunk." She scoffed, sitting on his lap and unbuttoning her shirt. "I'm pretty sound of mind, y'know?"

"T-then, why are you doing this?" He asked, trying to keep his eyes off her breasts.

"What, did you forget about the competition we made between us?" She asked with an amused snort.

"I-I thought I lost?"

Akane's smirk widened.

"Did you?"

"Yes?" He blinked, trying really hard not to stare at her in her underwear as she threw her shirt away. "I lost the match."

"You moron." She giggled, unclipping her bra. "The challenge wasn't to win the tournament."

Ichiban's willpower drained in an instant as she threw the bra behind her, and he stared at her breasts bouncing free from their confines. Big. Soft. Flawless. Pretty pink. Everything he could've hoped for ever since she'd sent him that lewd image. Was this a dream? Had he died and gone to heaven or something?

"It was to 'defeat me'." She said. "And last I checked, you did just that. Or am I wrong?"

"Wait, for real? T-then that means—"

"Now it's time to do my part of the deal." She added with a smirk. "C'mon, don't be shy. Give 'em a squeeze~"

With her permission, Ichiban hesitantly cupped her soft breasts in his hands, kneading them gently. It was even better than he could've imagined as his fingers sunk into pillowy flesh. Still unsure if he should do this or not, Ichi gave Akane a quick glance, seeing her smirk with a face almost as red as his.

At this point, he couldn't really just reject this blessing she gave him. Otherwise, he'd be an idiot who deserved to die a virgin. So he continued to play with her unbelievably squishy tits, feeling as if all of his dreams were being fulfilled at once. It wasn't like hers were small by any means, either. They were pretty damn big.

"How does it feel, Ichi?" Akane asked. "You enjoying yourself? Actually, don't answer that. I already know~"

She rubbed his hardening member under his pants with her hand, making him flinch. He quickly realized that, even through clothes, having someone else touching him there felt entirely different from what he was used to.

Akane laughed at his reaction before she went for another kiss. This time, Ichiban was ready for it and accepted it without a fight. She didn't know if it was his feelings for her or if she was skilled, but it felt indescribable for him.

"Hey, Ichi," She whispered in his ears after backing away. "You wanna see something better?"

He couldn't answer her question before she moved, pulling him up and pushing him onto his bed. Akane then took off her pants and underwear, standing right above him. Ichiban was frozen in shock as he saw pussy, her fluids of arousal trailing down her inner thighs.

And he didn't know what about her standing there looking down on him with her glowing red eyes that got him even more excited, but damn if it weren't a sight he'd never forget. Even though it barely took a second as she quickly sat on his lap, it felt like an eternity.

Anticipation only continued growing as Akane pulled down his pants for him, grin widening as she grabbed his rock-hard cock, rubbing it against her wet slit. She kept teasing him, looking him right in his eyes with an almost sadistic smile.

"W-waitwaitwait— don't you think we've skipped a few steps?" Ichiban said, still not sure if she was even sober. "I-I mean, what comes after kissing— I thought maybe a date or two?"

"Are you fucking serious?" She snorted in amusement. "It's like you want to stay a virgin forever."

"That's— no! Obviously not!"

"Then just relax and let me take care of you." She said, leaning for another kiss. "You don't have to think about anything else."

At the same time, she guided his hand to her boobs, letting him squeeze and knead them to his heart's content. If she really was serious about this, then who was he to argue? She didn't exactly act drunk.

So she really felt the same way about him, didn't she? Ichiban felt his heart swell at the thought. He wanted to jump and yell in celebration, and he would've done so had he not been busy enjoying her perfect breasts.

"Ichi." She whispered suddenly as she kissed his jaw. "Do you love me?"

Her question surprised him, but at this point, he could never deny it.

"I do." He whispered back.

"Mhm, that much I knew." She responded. "But how much do you love me?"

Ichiban paused.

"I-I guess I wanted to go out with you? Y'know, dating and all that." He answered. "But I always thought it would ruin our friendship, so I never—"

"Would you die for me?"

"E-eh?" He blinked.

"I said, do you love me so much you'd die for me?"

Ichiban was caught off guard. He didn't expect a question like that while she was grinding on his twitching member. He wasn't sure if this was some kind of test from her or not, so he answered truthfully.

"Yes." He said. "If it ever came down to it— if it meant I'd save you and keep you safe, I'd die for you with a big smile on my face."

His answer seemed to have pleased her as her grin widened. She then whispered something else in his ear.

"Good boy~"

For some reason, unlike every other time when being called a 'good boy' would piss him off, this genuinely felt like being stuck by lightning as he shuddered, every hair on his body standing on end. He didn't know what the fuck she was doing to him, but it was working, and Ichi wasn't sure if he liked it.

She then pointed his painfully hard cock at her entrance, slowly impaling herself on it. This was it; Ichiban was going to officially lose his virginity to the hottest person he'd ever met.

This might really be a dream, after all.

For the first time, as she shoved his whole member into her, Akane moaned. God, he didn't know if every girl felt the same, but she was so warm and incredibly tight that it was a miracle he didn't immediately cum.

But that wasn't going to last as his friend (girlfriend?) started to ride him like there was no tomorrow. She didn't slowly work her way up with her pace— she just started to bounce on him like he was going to disappear the second she stopped.

And as unreasonably good as it felt, this was torture at the same time. Ichiban did NOT want to cum so soon. That would be utterly petrifying and might just destroy his relationship with her. If it didn't, his pride as a man would surely be in shambles.

So, he did everything in his power to resist. Even as she tightened around his twitching member like it was about to cut it off. Even as the sight of her bouncing breasts was captivating beyond anything he'd ever seen in his life. Even as the sound of her moans was like angels playing a symphony in his ears.

He never thought she could even make noises like that.

But even he wasn't immune as he groaned and grunted, putting his hands on her impossibly soft rear as he tried to match her pace. Despite it making him cum faster, he wanted to at least make her orgasm first, and at the rate she was going, he wasn't going to stand a chance unless he moved too.

"O-Oi, relax!" He grunted. "I'm not gonna last if you keep—"

"Shut up," She growled.

Before he could respond, Akane then leaned down and silenced him with another kiss, and Ichi returned the kiss as he thrust into her as hard and as fast as he could, making her moan into his mouth. Something that seemingly pissed her off as she put a hand on his neck, creating an ice collar and chain, which surprised him immensely.

And as he stared at her face, he saw the big, insane grin on her face as she rode him even harder.

"Stop the tough act, Ichi." She ordered with a commanding air surrounding her. "Trying to get me to cum first because otherwise, it would hurt your ego? Idiot. You think I care about things like that?"

She pulled the chain, forcing him up as she put her left hand over his cheek. Her red eyes were wide and staring into his, the blue pupils of her yokai heritage glowing softly.

"I know you want it." She whispered. "You want it oh so bad~"

With her demanding and weirdly crazy but sexy attitude, Ichiban was rapidly approaching his limit.

"So do it. Be a good boy and do it." She panted. "Cum for me~"

And Ichiban proceeded to cum the biggest load of his life into her, almost passing out right there and then at the otherworldly pleasure. Thankfully, Akane came almost at the same time, shivering and quivering as a low moan escaped her mouth.

"H-holy fuck…" He breathed.

Ichiban never knew he was so into this kind of thing. The whole femdom thing always seemed painful and uncomfortable, but this… was different. Again, he wasn't sure if this was because of his feelings for Akane or if she just showed him some kind of kink he'd never known he had.

But he was for sure a changed man. After all, he'd lost his virginity.

There was the thought of massively fucking up, seeing that they were having sex raw, and he'd come inside her, but it was fleeting, as Akane didn't let go of the chain. Instead, she gripped it harder, and after a minute of resting, She gave him another smirk, telling him she wasn't done yet.

"I'm going to wring you dry~" She promised.

Jokes on her, though.

He was as into this as she was.





– Akane –

You know, if it's any other time, I'd say that I might've jumped the gun a little. It was never like me to throw myself at someone like this — I was still a virgin myself until a few hours ago — but honestly, I just couldn't take it anymore.

Because despite my low libido, I've figured out a very odd quirk about myself. Seeing my massive jump in power turned me on more than anything I've experienced before. It took me a while to realize it, but looking at Ichiban at school just made it that much harder to ignore.

It was a mixture of sexual need brought upon by the power I gained and immense frustration that, despite winning the tournament, I technically lost our fight. That weird emotion kept intensifying the more I stared at him. I wanted— needed to make things right and prove my superiority, which would be easy to do in a fight now with my new strength.

But I was too horny to start a fight, so I went with the alternative. Technically, he completed the challenge I had set for him, even if he didn't realize it. And, well, I may or may not have underestimated just how much I needed this. When I said I'd wring him dry, that's exactly what I did. I rode him until he started shooting blanks.

It might sound really dangerous and irresponsible, but not really. One thing I noticed a while ago was how I never had my periods, so when I asked, the Game said that Gamer's Body makes it 'unnecessary.'

Basically, I can't get pregnant.

Which is a huge relief, honestly. Not having to go through that every month sounds like the perfect trade anyway. It's not like I ever cared about having kids.

But I digress.

Sitting on the bed's edge, I look at the sleeping Ichiban contemplatively as the full moon shines through the window. But now that I got it out of my system, a part of me thinks that this was a big, big mistake.

I sigh to myself in frustration.

Because I… think I may be growing more attached to him. I already know that I like him — as much as I hate that stupid, weak feeling — but now…

As I continue staring at his sleeping form, I slowly realize what I need to do. Seeing that Game won't do its job any time soon, I think I'll need to figure out a way to live with it. And I don't mean ignore it until it becomes a problem. I just have to make sure it doesn't really bother me anymore.

This means I have to change my mentality toward these things. Instead of viewing Ichi as a friend or lover, he's simply mine. He doesn't need a label that sounds soft. He's just mine and mine alone, no more and no less.

He belongs to me. He's one of my things. And I have to make him realize that. Make him give himself to me. Make him only look at me unless I say otherwise. Make him worship me. He's already on the way to doing that with how he claimed he'd die for me.

But I won't let him die. I'd never let him die. If he's this precious to me, then I'll keep him around for as long as I can. So because he's mine, it's my responsibility to make sure he's safe and protected. Because last I checked, I really hate it when fuckers mess with my things.

Just as how I'd be upset if someone broke my tools, I'd be mad if someone broke him. But not just him. My mother, Akiyama— anyone who's able to make me feel things like this will automatically become my property, whether they know it or not.

That way, I won't be distracted by these weak emotions. This isn't something silly like 'love'. It's just how anyone would react to having their things messed with.

"I don't care how much you look up to that Arakawa person," I mutter quietly, still staring at him. "I'll ensure you won't want to serve anyone but me."

I trace a gentle hand over his cheek, giving him a smirk.

"And you'll love me for it."

The lengths she'd go to to avoid having to love someone like a normal human being makes her pathetic in a very tragic way.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 143 others
Mirlnir
Jan 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 56: Trade Considerations
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#942
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu




– Ichiban –

Waking up at the irritating noise of his alarm, Ichiban groaned and quickly turned it off, sitting upright on his bed before checking the time. An hour before the first period, which was the time he was used to waking up, yet he felt unusually fatigued. Was it because of the alcohol? Couldn't be. He didn't feel hungover; it wasn't like they drank too much.

Slowly, as he went over his phone, his brain recalled the events of last night. From him contemplating his loss, to Akane coming over, to them drinking together, and finally—

Ichiban blinked, then looked beside him and saw Akane nude and peacefully sleeping on the other side of his small bed, her chest rising with every breath. Once he took the time to process this stunning scene, he felt a combination of emotions resembling surprise, relief, and immense bliss that what had happened then wasn't a dream.

It had actually happened. They'd had sex. Ichiban had lost his virginity to the hottest girl he knew. He'd had a taste of heaven, and for once, it wasn't in one of his wet dreams. This was reality.

Ichiban wanted to bounce around the apartment and cry tears of joy. Tell the whole world of his graduation from a young boy to a real man. And he would've done so had the woman beside him not been asleep. He just couldn't wake her up when she looked this delicate and peaceful.

Although he wouldn't admit it in front of her for fear of her already massive ego growing even more, she may have been onto something when she'd said she was the most beautiful girl in the entire world with how much he was staring at her sleeping form. It wasn't even in a sexual way— she just looked unreasonably pretty when she was asleep.

It really happened. He thought, his heart beating fast. Holy shit, how?!

He really wasn't sure. Ichiban was gonna chalk it up to luck, but he wasn't exactly complaining. So, all this time, had Akane felt the same way about him? Had he simply been dense and missed all her signs? But from his perspective, she didn't show it— it wasn't in the way she acted around him because she was the same when treating most people they knew.

Did she even feel the same way, or did she just want to fuck, and he was the only person available? That was a depressing thought. But it couldn't be, right? She made a point by saying he technically completed her 'challenge'. So maybe she'd planned this the whole time? After all, she'd known she would lose their fight.

Does that mean we're officially dating? Ichiban asked himself.

What he felt toward her wasn't purely sexual, after all. He seriously wanted a future with her and not just a friends-with-benefits type of deal. And the mere idea of her getting with someone else bothered him immensely.

It seems the draconic essence of the Boosted Gear is affecting you after all. Ddraig suddenly said, making Ichiban blink before he elaborated. This incredible envy you feel toward mere thoughts is natural to most dragons. Me included.

Huh… Ichiban paused before his eyes widened in shock. Wait a minute, were you watching?!

I may have been. He responded casually.

"WHAT?!" Ichiban's face went red. "What the hell is wrong with you?!"

At his raised voice, Akane stirred in her sleep, turning over to the other side as the blanket fell below her breasts, inadvertently giving Ichiban a show. This prompted him to put a hand over his mouth and look away, but before he could scold the gecko stuck in his head, Ddraig spoke again.

It wasn't like I had a choice. He said. Even if I did not see what you two were doing, I could still hear.

Ichiban couldn't argue with that.

If it makes you feel any better, I can't feel arousal. His partner added. I'm an entity of pure energy. I don't have the instinct to breed like you. Though, I do enjoy a conquest in all forms, even if it's sexual in nature.

I really didn't need to know that.

And partner, I hate to say this, but you didn't stand a chance. Ddraig snorted. She conquered you in a matter of seconds. I would've been annoyed had it not been so amusing.

"Shut up," Ichiban whispered, embarrassed beyond words. "Please just shut up."

Ddraig laughed but was kind enough to drop the subject here as Ichiban got off his bed on his way to take a nice, ice-cold shower. Though, before he made it to the bathroom, someone knocked on his front door, making him stop in place.

He blinked and decided to see who it was first, opening the door slowly while hiding his almost clothless form behind it.

"Morning, Ichi," Arakawa said with his usual soft smile.

Ichiban's eyes widened.

"Boss?!" He exclaimed in surprise. "What are you doing here?!"

"I just thought I'd visit." The old man answered. "We have a lot to talk about."

"We do?"

"Yes." He nodded before pausing. "…So, can I come in?"

"Ah—" Ichiban had to physically stop himself from fully opening the door for his patriarch, remembering his current situation. "A-actually, can you give me a few minutes? I, uh, gotta dress up properly for a meeting with my boss, y'know?"

"You know I don't care about these things, Ichi."

"Y-yeah, but still, I have to show you the respect you deserve." Ichiban insisted. "Please, just five minutes. Won't take long."

Arakawa thought about this for a moment before nodding.

"Well, it's probably for the best." He said. "I'll meet you down. We might end up taking a while."

"Right. Thanks." He smiled. "I'll be there in no time."

Arakawa smiled back and walked away, prompting Ichiban to close the door with a relieved sigh. He turned around and then immediately covered his eyes as he saw Akane, still naked, standing in the middle of the apartment, groggily rubbing her eyes.

"Who was it?" She asked with a yawn as she approached him.

"Can you get dressed before asking questions?" He sighed.

"You're naked, too." She scoffed. "Hypocrite."

"It's my apartment. I can dress here however I like." He pointed out. "Also, I'm wearing boxers. You aren't wearing anything."

"Whatever." She rolled her eyes. "I'm taking a shower."

"What? No, I'm taking one first." He said, ignoring her state of undress as he looked at her with a challenging gaze. At her annoyed stare, he explained himself very carefully, knowing she wasn't in the mood to argue. "I-I mean, I just have pretty important business right now. I don't wanna be late."

"I'm sure." She huffed. "School is so important."

"It's not about school. I swear I'm not lying." He muttered, accepting the fact that he may have to wait for her as she entered the bathroom first. "Goddamn it…"

"Well, if you're that serious about it—" She peeked back at him from the bathroom, giving him a sultry smirk not unlike the one she had before she rode him to heaven and hell. "Then come in and join me~"

"Eh?" He blinked. "For real?"

"Why not?" She added. "We'd be saving time and water. As long as we don't get a little busy in there, right? But I'm sure you can keep your hands to yourself~"

Something told Ichiban that she wanted him to do the exact opposite.

"You're the best." He said, still stunned by her offer.

"You bet I am." She responded, gesturing for him to come over. "Come now; you don't want to be late, do you?"

After that, Ichiban quickly followed her to the bathroom without hesitation. Now, he realized how small the shower was for two people, but that thought quickly disappeared as Akane turned the showerhead on at the coldest temperature, making him yelp.

"Please, it's not that cold~" She giggled.

"Easy for you to say, Ice Queen." He snarked. "You'd probably enjoy showering in icicles."

"Oh, you're such a baby." She rolled her eyes before she suddenly hugged him, pressing her soft breasts against his chest. All the while, the sultry smirk never left her face. "This enough to warm you up~?"

"A-ah…" Ichiban had a hard time not staring at her boobs being squished as she rubbed his body with them, her flawless skin glistening with water. However, whether it was from last night or something else, he found enough courage to talk back. "And you tell me to keep my hands to myself…"

"What's wrong with giving my friend a hug?" She snickered, smug as ever. "Especially when he's oh so cold~"

He shivered, but not from the cold. It was when he felt his hardening member being squished between her thighs, rubbing against her slit. It had barely taken him moments before he'd reached full mast. This time, Akane was completely sober as she giggled again, her smirk widening and convincing him that what she did last night wasn't a fluke.

"So?" She purred, guiding one of his hands to rest on her butt. "Think that important business can wait a little?"

She asked that while knowing the answer. Now that he was wide awake, he was sure this would be so much better than what he had experienced last night.

In his head, Ichiban apologized profusely to Arakawa because nothing in this world would get him to refuse this offer.





– Akane –

Pretending to be listening to the teacher droning about, I instead schedule and organize my time for the vacation I want via scouter lenses. I haven't really told anyone about it yet because I'd rather make sure everything is perfect first.

It's not exactly complicated since summer vacation starts about two weeks from now. A 40-day vacation is more than enough to enjoy quality time in Hawaii. Sure, it's going to be packed, especially in Honolulu, but that's to be expected. I have an easy plan to handle that.

Honestly, most of the planning is going into what I will do when I get there. Ignoring the obvious 'build a hidden base somewhere in Hawaii', there's so much to do there. It's not like I'm going there strictly for work. I wanna have fun, too.

As I said before, I deserve a good vacation for all the hard work I've put in since getting the system. Getting VIP treatment anywhere is easy as fuck for someone with my wealth. Most importantly, getting away from the Yakuzas' watchful eyes for 40 whole days sounds like a dream.

I had 3 days without them watching my every move, and I'm already missing that feeling. I know, I know, they're only doing it to keep me safe, but it's equally annoying because I don't want them knowing what I'm capable of with my tech. Things like Excelsis I can hide just fine, but tech already somewhat rivaling the Amons'? Eyebrows will be raised.

"Amamiya-san, do you know the answer to this question?" The teacher asks. "What's the phenomenon where believing in a treatment's power is enough to improve your condition?"

"Placebo effect."

"Correct! As expected from the second-year best student!"

Speaking of tech, I think it's also about time I made new armor since that other one was destroyed against Shalba. Two weeks are more than enough to make something new, though, with reasonable upgrades compared to the previous one.

Obviously, I can make something a hundred times more powerful if I really put my mind to it, but that's not exactly reasonable, is it? I have to make my improvements look believable to the yakuza to avoid suspicions. I'm already 'too' talented. Any more, and they'll think it's too weird.

I don't want my greatest allies to think that yet. Not when I'm not confident I can take them on. As much as I hate to admit it, I don't think I'm strong enough to take down one of the generals like Majima, even with Excelsis.

But I'm getting there. Slowly but surely. Hell, I think I've already reached Satan-class without the use of the angry stick. Maybe not physically without the use of Touki, but my ice magic is most definitely at that level. Call me arrogant, but I'm pretty confident that I can actually defeat Serafall by myself. My immunity to ice magic makes her a non-issue.

Especially with this new perk. Besides satisfying my own sexual needs that only appear once in a blue moon, I wasn't the only one growing more attached, as I've fully maxed out Ichi's affection, meaning I've gotten a new power from him.

[Heroic Tenacity] – Affection Perk

Heroes possess an incredible strength of will and a spirit that just won't give up. They stand firm even when faced with seemingly impossible challenges, bravely pushing through pain and hardship to protect those who need it most. And through it all, their confident smiles light up the way, showing that hope truly shines brightest in the darkest of times.

The closer you are to death, the more powerful you become.

Pain no longer distracts you as it once did, and regardless of the injury, as long as you have the determination, you can still fight.

At 50% HP, your stats increase by 5%

At 25% HP, your stats increase by 15%

At 10% HP, your stats increase by 40%

Perk will be lost if Ichiban's affection lowers, but can be regained at any time.

Pretentious as it may sound, the perk is still extremely powerful because I just got a perk that does the same thing. This, Lionheart, Touki, and Excelsis together will make me strong enough to easily match the yakuza generals. The synergy is insane.

However, the main point of this perk is the ability to lose it. If I fuck up with Ichiban big time, then bye-bye, awesome power boost. But fucking that up won't happen unless I actively try to ruin it. Ichi is too in love with me to lose affection points so quickly.

As long as I continue to play the good girl, I should be safe. And so far, it's been working pretty damn well.

I stretch my arms and let out a satisfied groan as the bell rings. I wanna go back home and work on my new armor. The only reason I'm tolerating school is because of the quest, which I should be done with after the exams. Getting the top score in my grade should be piss easy.

"Hey, Akane," Issei calls out to me. "You seen Kasuga on your way to school?"

"Yeah. Saw his boss come pick him up." I respond.

"His boss?" He blinks. "You mean that Arakawa-san he keeps talking about?"

"Yup." I nod. "Apparently, he has business with Ichi. Dunno what it is about, though."

"Is that so? Damn, I thought I'd get to hang out with him today."

I couldn't really get a good look at this "Masumi Arakawa" Guy before Ichi ran off with him. Since we had a little fun in the shower, I made him late. Intentionally. Because I decide when he gets to meet up with this celebrity of his.

Given how devoted Ichiban is to that man, it made me realize that he's the biggest obstacle to making Ichi entirely mine in body, mind, and soul. The way he talks about this boss of his almost feels like he worships the ground he walks on, and it's admittedly pissing me off.

I can't have that. He's a threat.

But at the same time, I can't exactly eliminate an essential asset of the Tojo clan so casually. He's not some 'guy'; he's an old legend on the level of Majima and my dad. Granted, clearly, he's not as strong as the generals, as he is definitely past his prime, but he has a legacy.

And the yakuza value that.

At the same time, trying to manipulate Ichi into thinking Arakawa is some kind of an evil monster would be damn near impossible. He may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but he's too loyal and pure for manipulation tactics to work. I'm not exactly sure what I'm supposed to do here.

I'm gonna need to think about this for a lot longer before I can make a reckless decision. I'm not going to fuck with someone whom Ichi owes his life to unless I'm absolutely 100% sure I can get away with it.

I sigh to myself and try to think about something else, glancing at Issei enjoying his lunch before staring back at the ceiling.

…Wait a minute–

"Oi, where the hell did you run off to anyway?" I ask Issei, making him pause. "You didn't come to the festival for some reason. What was that about?"

"You just noticed?!" He exclaims incredulously. "Am I that unimportant to you as a person?!"

"Just spill it."

"Y-yes, ma'am…" He sighs sadly. "Well, you remember how Irina and Xenovia said they were gonna stay here as ambassadors for the church?"

I frown.

"What about it?"

"Well, it's mostly about Irina, to be honest. She, uh, keeps dragging me around town 'n stuff. She even forced me to train with her a few times." He answers. "And when I told her about the tournament, she got all sad, and I just… felt terrible about it, I guess."

"Huh…" I look at him in slight surprise. "So you thought you'd keep her company since they're not allowed in the underworld yet?"

"Yeah. And Xenovia, too, but I don't think she cares much." He says before sighing again. "I know, that was dumb of me. After everything that happened during the festival, the whole invasion, and whatnot, I just know I should've been there to help. I'm sorry for letting you down."

I mean, his very existence lets me down, and it's not like he would've been any help during the invasion—cannon fodder at best.

…But you know what? I feel nice today.

"Not at all." I smile. "I think that's pretty sweet of you."

The compliment seems to have caught him off guard as his eyes widen in surprise.

"Really?"

"Yes. You sacrificed your own fun to spoil a girl and keep her happy. That's how a gentleman acts, y'know? As long as you don't overdo it, of course." I nod. Overdoing it makes you look pathetic. "Besides, none of us knew about the invasion since it happened too suddenly. I don't think you're at fault for not knowing the future."

"I-I guess." He rubs his neck bashfully, not used to me praising him. "So you're not mad?"

"No. I only asked where you were out of curiosity. I'm actually kind of proud of you now that I know why you didn't come with us." I say, making him blush. "See what happens when you don't act like a loud, obnoxious degenerate like those dumbass friends of yours?"

Speaking of, whatever happened to them? I threatened them that one time when they were in the hospital, and then they never showed up again. They should've recovered already. Maybe they moved to a different school? If so, good riddance.

If not, and they come back here eventually, well, let's say that nobody will miss them if they disappear permanently.

"As much as I admire you, Akane, you'll never make me stop loving boobs."

"That's not what I'm saying." I sigh, resisting the immense urge to punch him in the face. "I'm not gonna scold you for having a sex drive. I'm just telling you to keep it to yourself. Or until you get a girlfriend. In fact, why not shoot your shot with her?"

"Huh? Y-you mean Irina?" He looks nervous. "But what if she doesn't see me that way? I mean, yeah, she's very friendly with me, but that's just because we were friends since childhood."

"I'm pretty sure you've seen enough anime to know all about the childhood friend archetype and how they work."

"Yes, but this is real life. She might not be feeling that way at all."

"With how you say she's been 'dragging you around town', I'm inclined to believe she does." I snort. "I know how girls function. I'm sure she's waiting for you to ask her out."

Issei remains hesitant and doubtful.

"Trust me, Issei. I mean, the worst she could say is 'no' right? Didn't you say something about being the Harem King? How are you gonna do that if you can't even get one girl?" I insist. "Don't worry, if she's rude about it, I'll beat her up for you."

"Please don't do that." He responds meekly before pausing, giving it some thought. "Okay. I'll ask her out later today."

"You won't regret it." I pat him on the back. "Now get off your ass and bring me some iced tea. Call it paying me for my flawless advice."

"Yes, ma'am!" He salutes, looking all fired up like the good minion he is. "I'll be back in no time!"

With that, he dashes out of the classroom, leaving his half-finished lunch on the desk. Had I found any value in Issei, I wouldn't have told him to get attached to someone else other than me, but it's very clear that we're outgrowing him a bit too quickly.

Investing time in him and helping him find the other pieces of Vritra's gear might not be as beneficial as I once thought. Not at the rate we're growing at, anyhow. So unless I get all of them right at this very moment, I'm okay with him leaving the group to find his purpose somewhere else.

Really, his Sacred Gear isn't even worth devouring. If I'm stealing one, it's gonna need to be a Longinus.

And it's not like I find him pleasant, either. He might not be as annoying as he was before, but I still don't like him much. So, handing him over to a faction I have no interest in is perfectly fine with me.

…Though, the blue-haired chick does have a lot of potential. Trading her for Issei might actually be worthwhile. She has the holy factor to wield Excaliburs and can even use Durandal. But how am I supposed to turn her over to my side?

If I remember correctly, she ended up with the devils after losing her faith upon learning about Yahweh's death. But Kokabiel didn't leak that info to us, so she's still intensely loyal to the church. And I have no way of telling her because I shouldn't know that either.

Hmm, I'll keep it in the back of my mind for now. If I'm going to go through with it, then I'll need to plan appropriately.

I guess spending some time with her for now won't hurt.




– Irina –

It'd been a while since the big battle against Kokabiel, nearly a month in fact, and ever since then, things had been relatively quiet on their end. After being informed that their stay in Kuoh would be extended for a few more months, she admittedly felt glad. She liked Japan and how peaceful it was in a small town like this.

And, as shameful as it was to admit, she was very scared of going back to the main church HQ to report. After what had happened during Kokabiel's attack, she couldn't bear to see the looks on her peers' faces. Likely ones of scorn and hatred for letting their beloved teacher die. For being useless during the battle. It made Irina feel utterly unworthy of wielding one of the pieces of Excalibur.

She couldn't imagine what Griselda would be like if she returned with such failure. Not only did one of their best warriors pass away, but they couldn't even take the stolen pieces back. The mission was an utter failure, and it made Irina consider whether she was even suited to be a combatant.

While not outright quitting yet, as she still kept up with her training, she did feel very demotivated. And it hurt even more seeing that she made so little progress. Just what was she supposed to do right now?

She prayed for an answer every day, hoping that God's wisdom would guide her down the right path. She knew that this was a test from Him, so she did her best and remained steadfast despite her growing depression. If she weren't fit to be a fighter, then so be it. But if she were, then she'd keep on going no matter what.

At the very least, her childhood friend was there to support her. Being around him made her feel very much at ease, and his positive attitude genuinely helped with her gloomy mood. Sure, she may have involuntarily strongarmed him into staying with her when he wanted to attend the devils' festival, but she seriously hadn't meant to. She supposed he was just a gentleman and didn't want to make her sad.

After not seeing him for so long, she forgot just how nice he was. He may be a little stupid, but he was still her beloved friend. Irina swore to herself that she was going to pay him back a thousandfold for such kindness.

She didn't know why Akane treated him so indifferently compared to their other friends, but honestly, Irina was too scared of her to demand she show respect, especially after watching her performance in the tournament finals.

"I refuse." Xenovia scoffed, standing opposite her opponent in the open training grounds. "I don't care if you're strong without it. I will not duel you unless you're holding a blade."

"And I'm telling you, I don't need one to kick your ass." Akane scowled, annoyed by Xenovia's unmatched stubbornness. "Why are you so against that idea?"

As for her beloved partner, she viewed things… differently. So much that Irina felt genuine jealousy.

While Irina felt discouraged and depressed, Xenovia was the opposite. David's death motivated her, and she worked harder than ever, waking up early at dawn and training until dusk. Even if she was alone, she didn't let that deter her from her training. She only gave herself a single day of mandatory rest.

Coupled with what they'd seen in that finals livestream, Xenovia felt like a completely different person. She used to be arrogant, looking down on everyone around her, but the battle with the Warhawk had changed her mindset altogether.

But besides that, Xenovia didn't let anything distract her. She even used some of the facility's equipment — with the yakuza's permission — like those gravity belts. She'd push herself to her limits every single day, and it made Irina both proud and envious.

Irina's reaction to their teacher's death disheartened her immensely, while her partner showed the complete opposite reaction. Why? Or rather, how? How wasn't Xenovia hurt? Did she simply not care? That couldn't be it.

Irina wanted to ask if maybe her partner could help her gain this level of motivation she didn't have, but she felt very hesitant. Xenovia had always had a sharp tongue, and if she were to call her out on her weakness, then Irina didn't think she could handle it anymore.

"I wish to test my sword skills, not my strength." Irina's partner argued. "Besides, it's dishonorable."

"I can kill you ten times over with my eyes closed before you even realize it." The yakuza princess responded, venom and aggression dripping off her tone. "I don't need a fucking sword to make this honorable."

"Every other duel, you humored my request and conjured a sword using your magic." Xenovia pointed out. "What makes this any different? Have you grown arrogant?"

"You're not facing the same person anymore."

"Don't be so pretentious. I know what I'm getting myself into." Xenovia responded bluntly. "I know how strong you were each time I've challenged you, and I can tell that you've grown astronomically more powerful since our last duel."

"Then you know I don't need a sword."

"I don't care if you need one or not." The blue-haired exorcist said. "I simply requested a sword duel. Not a regular duel."

Akane, aggravated by Xenovia's insistence on this being a duel of swords, growled angrily before her scowl dropped. She sighed and rubbed her temples in exasperation, realizing that it was pointless to continue this stupid argument.

"You know what, as irritating as you are, I respect your persistence. Fine." Akane muttered, creating an ice sword in her right hand. "You'll get a sword duel, and I'll make sure you regret it."

"Heh," Xenovia smirked, gripping her Excalibur as she got into her stance. "We'll see. Irina!"

"Yeah, yeah." Irina rolled her eyes, very glad that their idiotic argument ended. "Duel starts in three, two, one…"

Xenovia frowned in focus, tensing and preparing to charge in with an attack. In contrast, Akane was super relaxed, twirling her sword around and not even looking back at her opponent.

"Begin–!"

As soon as that word left her mouth, Akane was right in front of Xenovia, the blunted tip of her ice sword touching her throat. The blue-haired exorcist's eyes widened in shock, having lost the battle in less than a second of its beginning.

"See? This is what I'm capable of." Akane said with a glare. "Sword or not. You're not on a level where you can just 'duel' me. You're too weak."

With that, she lowered her sword and haughtily walked away. Irina wanted to call her out for being so rude to her partner, but she was intimidated. However, seeing the weight of this crushing defeat leave Xenovia looking frustrated with her head lowered, Irina mustered up just enough courage to say something.

…Before she was beaten to the punch by Xenovia herself.

"Don't think this is over, Akane Amamiya!" She pointed at Akane with a weirdly excited grin. "What you did just now has merely shown me the mountain I must scale to defeat you!"

Akane paused and turned around to face Xenovia with a surprised expression.

"Huh?"

"One day, you'll recognize my worth as a swordsman— No! More than that!" Xenovia added. "I don't care how long it takes me, but I'll have you admit that I, Xenovia Quarta, am the better swordsman! In fact, you'll walk away from our final duel claiming that I'm the greatest, most skilled swordsman in the whole world!"

"Give it up," Akane responded bluntly. "You saw the difference between us. I didn't even break a sweat."

"Even so, I won't give up." She said. "What you've done was merely light the flame of my heart as a dedicated swordsman. Impossible as it may seem, with my faith in the Lord and this blade in my hand, I will defeat you one day!"

"R-right…" Akane quickly stopped arguing, seemingly not expecting the determined response in the face of her brutality.

Irina didn't blame her. Even she hadn't expected such determination from Xenovia. A humiliating, crushing defeat like the one Akane had given her would surely frustrate and anger anyone else. Xenovia just looked excited.

"In the meantime, I'll have to push myself even harder." She continued. "Until then, you'll have to wait. I recommend you find a blade equal to my Durandal. Your ice blades, as sharp as they may be, don't compare to one filled with the light of God."

With that, Xenovia picked up her gravity belt from the ground and went deeper into the woods, leaving everyone present stunned. Irina was the first to recover, and the first thing she did was speak to Akane.

"Don't mind her; she's autistic."

Akane looked at her in shock, caught off guard at Irina's claim.

"What?!"

"She's medically diagnosed." Irina quickly clarified. "I didn't mean to say that in a weird way. I just felt like telling you since you seemed a little weirded out by her quirks."

At that, she relaxed.

"R-right. I was about to say…" She muttered. "That kinda came out of nowhere."

"She's hyperfixated on swords," Irina added. "Ever since she was little."

"Oh." Akane's eyes widened in realization. "Yeah, that makes sense."

"Right?"

"Hey, everyone." Another voice joined them. "Sorry, I'm late."

The two girls looked at the approaching Issei, stepping over a bush. As he met Irina's gaze, though, he suddenly blushed, making her tilt her head in confusion. He then glanced at Akane, then back at her.

"Well, I'm gonna see what Xenovia's doing," Akane said. "With how enthusiastic she looked just now, a part of me feels like she's gonna do something stupid with the gravity belt."

She then flew away after conjuring her ice wings, leaving Issei and Irina alone.

"So, I guess it's you and me again, eh, Issei?" Irina grinned. She then paused as she saw him all nervous and fidgeting. "What's wrong? Are you okay?"

"Ah, yeah, it's uh… How do I say this…" After stammering a little, Issei then took a deep breath and spoke again. "So uh, after we're done, do you wanna maybe go out with me?"

Irina flinched in shock before her face went red. She looked away as her heart skipped a beat, not having expected him to be so direct. Regardless, the request made her feel giddy, but she hid her urge to squeal in joy behind a small smile.

"T-that sounds lovely!" She said.

"Wait, really?!"

"Yeah! I mean, we were already hanging out anyway, so…" She shuffled awkwardly.

"I-I guess you're right…" He agreed before whispering something to himself. "Holy crap, it worked…"

"Hm?"

"Er, it's nothing." He shook his head. "Let's just get this training out of the way first. Then maybe we can go to a cafe or the movies."

"Maybe a batting cage? Or the arcade!"

Irina felt a wave of relief as they continued to banter together. Just as she was convinced that he was after Akane, too…

Maybe the Lord was answering her prayers.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 116 others
Mirlnir
Jan 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 57: Full-Fledged
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Feb 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#952
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Ichiban –

Stepping out of the taxi, he paused before the towering Torii gate, its vibrant red contrasting with the muted urban landscape. The not-so-fresh air of Kamurocho—tinged with street food and exhaust—filled his lungs. He had almost forgotten what it was like here.

This was not how he'd expected his day to go. He'd expected a short conversation with Arakawa, and that was it.

I can't believe I'm back here again. He thought to himself.

So this is your home town? Ddraig asked, his tone curious. I expected something more… rural.

Oh, I wish it was. The countryside sounds like heaven compared to Kamurocho. Ichiban couldn't help but sigh. This shithole is the farthest thing from that.

Hmm… His partner sounded curious. You don't sound too pleased about this place. Do you hate it?

I have almost nothing but bad memories here. Ichiban responded. They call it the armpit of Japan for a reason.

How vulgar. The Red Dragon Emperor snorted, finding the nickname amusing.

And honestly, it was fully warranted. Granted, it was popular. It was the nightlife capital of the country. A red-light district nearly in its entirety, filled with nightclubs, hostess and host clubs, several bars and porn stores, and soaplands. Spending a single night here would surely alleviate most of your stress. Considering the country's work environment, no wonder Kamurocho was popular.

By day, Kamurocho appeared dull and lifeless, but the district burst into vibrant life as night descended. Neon lights flooded the streets, casting a striking spectrum of colors and filling the air with a thrilling energy that transforms the area into an exhilarating playground.

But it was mostly for adults.

And besides those artificial 'benefits', compared to most of Japan, this town was incredibly dangerous for the average person. Drug dealers, human traffickers, weapon smugglers, gangsters, and delinquents in every corner— the fact that Ichiban had made it this long while living here was a miracle.

Then again, it had also taught him how to defend himself. Getting into several fights with the locals every single day was exactly what had made him toughen up back then. Nothing compared to now, of course, but he did have a long winning streak at the time. Around 100ish fights won in a row? Or something like that.

…But I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel some sense of comfort. He added.

"Been a while, hasn't it?" Masumi Arakawa said, stepping next to Ichiban.

"Heh. Yeah. Feels like years. I almost didn't recognize it." Ichiban chuckled, a nostalgic smile tugging at his lips. "But it's been barely two or three months."

"You've been through a lot in Kuoh." His boss said, patting him on the back. "It's only natural you'd feel this way."

"I guess you're right." Ichiban nodded. "When I went there, I never thought I'd be dragged into a fight with a crazy fallen angel or befriend a giant dragon."

We're not friends. Ddraig pointed out. Just partners.

That's just another way of saying friends.

Ddraig didn't verbally respond to that, deciding to growl as a way to show his dissatisfaction. But he could whine all he wanted. That wasn't going to stop Ichiban from treating him like a friend. He would grow to accept it eventually.

No, I won't.

You will.

"Do you find Kuoh to be crazier than Kamurocho?" Arakawa asked.

"Oh, hell no." Ichiban shook his head. "Not in a million years. I mean, Kuoh is crazy, not gonna try to deny it, but Kamurocho's brand of insanity is unmatched. Even before I was born. Remember when the Millennium Tower blew up, and money suddenly started raining? I was four at the time, but I still remember it perfectly. Or that time when some lunatic rammed his truck into Shangri-La."

He thanked his lucky stars that he wasn't there when it happened. A toddler living in a brothel was already problematic enough. He did not need to go through a highly traumatic experience on top of that.

"Haha, that's very true," His boss laughed. "Those were crazy times."

There used to be at least one historical event per year happening in this godforsaken town, and none of them were good. So, on top of the constant and various illegal practices and gangsters infesting Kamurocho, it was also Fate's favorite punching bag.

Things had calmed down in recent years, though, specifically after all the bad actors and terrible people from the Tojo clan had been killed or kicked out. It took a while before Daigo had successfully reformed the yakuza to be less yakuza and more Japan's supernatural military force.

"Though, I don't understand why you brought me here with you," Ichiban said, rubbing his neck. "I mean, I'm not complaining. Visiting home occasionally is fine, and I want to say hi to some of the friends I left behind. But I thought you just wanted to talk?"

For a moment, Arakawa didn't say anything. He remained quiet, his soft smile never dropping as he started to walk.

"Let's go to my office first." He said. "I'll explain everything there."

"Oh, okay." Ichiban blinked, following after his boss.

He wanted to ask more, feeling very curious, but he remained patient. He didn't want to bother and annoy Arakawa with questions he'd have answered sooner or later anyway. But it had to be important if he couldn't tell him in Kuoh.

Something about this made Ichiban increasingly nervous. He hadn't done anything wrong, did he? He didn't remember anything of the sort. Was it because of his performance at the finals? Perhaps his failure to rescue Akane during the invasion? Or is it because… they knew what he did with her last night?

The feeling of dread began to grow at a rapid pace. He'd made a mistake, didn't he? By sleeping with her, of all people, the Tojo Clan princess, while he was nothing more than an errand boy who wasn't even qualified to be part of any family yet. Oh, he'd fucked up big time. They were going to gut him and throw his carcass into the river.

B-but Arakawa-san wouldn't do that. He stared at his boss. …Right?

Then again, wasn't he called 'Arakawa the Assassin' during his prime? Was Ichiban being assassinated?

Oh, fuck me. I'm actually dead, aren't I? Ichiban started to panic. I'm walking to my death right now.

Calm yourself, partner. You're not in any danger. Ddraig said. At most, they're going to punish you. They would never willingly lose someone of your caliber.

Ah… Yeah, you're right. Ichiban agreed. I mean, it's not like Arakawa-san would ever kill me. He's not that type of person.

But being punished didn't sound like all that fun, either. What was he supposed to do about this anyway? It wasn't like he was the one who had initiated it that night. She had. And now he was being punished for it? Didn't that sound unfair?

And even after everything is said and done, was he supposed to just… break up with her? Being a nobody and all, he could understand where the clan was coming from, but Ichiban had to admit he wasn't willing to go through with that. Because besides him wanting to continue their relationship, wouldn't it make him look like a scumbag?

What else would you call someone who says all those intimate things to a woman just to have sex before running away? A total scumbag. No way around it.

Wait— I'm getting ahead of myself right now. He took a deep breath. If I was being punished, why would Arakawa do it? Why not the yakuza stationed in Kuoh?

If they needed to punish him for something as big as sleeping with the daughter of a legendary yakuza, then choosing Arakawa to do it didn't make a lot of sense. Majima and Saejima were there in Kuoh, too. Why have the patriarch that's in Kamurocho do it instead? It wasn't like Arakawa had any connections to Akane or her dad, as far as Ichiban knew.

Maybe I'm just overthinking… Ichiban thought again, feeling calmer.

"What's wrong?" Arakawa suddenly asked, making him flinch. "You look nervous."

"Er, no…" He chuckled awkwardly. "It's just… I'm not in any trouble, am I?"

"Haha, you're worried about that? No, not at all." His boss shook his head as they arrived at the office. "On the contrary, it's a happy occasion."

Arakawa swung open the door and stepped inside, with Ichiban trailing closely behind him. The office was nothing to write home about, both in its exterior and interior design. Nestled right above a bustling bar, its only entrance was a narrow pathway through the dimly-lit alley that served as an entry point.

Inside, the office was comprised of three rooms. The general office, intended for the family's use, felt particularly cramped; it was one of the smallest spaces imaginable, incapable of hosting more than five people. On one side was a small restroom, and on the other was Arakawa's personal room, where their boss would do his work.

Despite his stature as a legend in the Tojo clan, Masumi Arakawa was pretty modest. Most family patriarchs had much larger buildings solely dedicated to them, but because of how small the Arakawa family was, their boss insisted on something less extravagant.

"It is?"

"After seeing the report of the invasion and watching your performance in the tournament finals?" Arakawa pointed out. "You made a name for yourself, you know? Even in the clan, other patriarchs are talking about you."

Ichiban felt a little embarrassed. If he'd known Arakawa was going to be watching the finals, he would've tried to do even better. Despite being praised, he couldn't help but feel like he's disappointed his boss. Though, he knew it was not true.

"Welcome home, oyabun."

Ichi paused as he saw the family's captain, Sawashiro, stand before their boss with his head bowed in respect. The captain caught Ichi's gaze and responded with a silent glare, which made Ichiban frown slightly.

Now, after his countless hours of training in Kuoh, Ichi could tell just how strong the captain was. He knew that Sawashiro was no pushover, but he didn't think he'd be so powerful. He was confident in himself, but he didn't think he'd be able to defeat him without his Balance Breaker.

That's like… ultimate class, I think? He thought to himself. He honestly didn't know how these rankings worked. And I don't think he has a Sacred Gear either…

Hmph. He's not bad, but you're superior. Ddraig butted in. Even with the knowledge of your subspecies, I doubt he'd stand a chance.

That was true. Admittedly, after hanging out with the monsters of the Tojo clan, such as Majima, Saejima, and even Akane, to some extent, Ichi wasn't as intimidated by him as he used to be.

"…Ichi." Sawashiro nodded in acknowledgment.

"Sawashiro-san." Ichiban nodded back respectfully. "It's been a while."

"It has." He agreed, then looked at their boss after a pause. "Excuse me."

"Good luck," Arakawa responded. "Send me a message when you land."

Ichiban blinked. He had no idea what they were talking about.

"Naturally." The captain said with another bow. With that, Sawashiro left the office, leaving Ichiban alone with Arakawa.

"What was that about?" He quickly asked. "Where is he going?"

"Don't worry about it. It's just a quick job outside the country." His boss shook his head before he led his subordinate to his personal office. "Take a seat there."

His personal office was pretty simple. The modestly sized room had a sturdy wooden desk opposite the door, paired with a cushy chair. Shelves lined the walls, holding organized books and personal mementos. In the center, a coffee table sat between two couches, creating a small meeting space. Meanwhile, a few plant pots were placed in the corners for simple decoration.

"Okay." Ichi sat on the couch. "So, um, what's going on?"

Arakawa remained silent as he reached under the desk for something. Ichiban sat quietly, not wishing to irritate his boss with excessive questions, but soon felt a sharp intake of breath as he observed the older man pull out a sake bottle and a cup, then move to take a seat on the couch across from him.

"T-this is…" Ichiban couldn't believe it.

He knew what this was. As a massive fanboy of yakuza culture, he read about their traditions all the time.

"From the look on your face, I guess you already know what this is, huh?" Arakawa smiled. "And here I thought I could surprise you. I should've known."

"B-but sir, I-I– Isn't this too sudden?" Ichiban asked. "I-I mean, I thought… I wasn't ready yet. You said you'll do it once I'm done with high school at least, but I haven't even finished my second year yet…"

Arakawa's gentle smile dropped, his expression suddenly turning almost melancholic. It was as if he wanted to change his mind, take the bottle and cup away, and tell Ichiban to leave and forget that this had ever happened.

He may not have said anything, but that look held so much sorrow, guilt, and even fear in it that it confused Ichiban greatly. Did he say something wrong? Was he being rude? He didn't know. He didn't understand what was going on.

"I-I'm not trying to sound ungrateful—"

"It's okay, Ichi. I understand." He nodded. "To be honest with you, I never wanted you to join the family. Or the yakuza."

The confession shook Ichiban to the core, but at the same time, he should've expected this. It made sense. He'd been given a mission, one he clearly didn't take seriously if his performance was anything to go by.

He remained quiet for a moment.

"…Did you think I wasn't cut out for it?" Ichiban asked.

His question made Arakawa hesitate, but before he could respond, Ichi continued.

"I get it," Ichiban said. "I'm not the brightest person around, and I always get into trouble. I… was never really useful to you, was I?"

"Ichi…"

"I-I mean, even when you sent me to Kuoh as an undercover bodyguard for Akane, I… let her get hurt too many times. She almost got kidnapped because I wasn't good enough." He added. "Even though I should've been by her side all the time, I failed my only job. A job that you gave me."

His mind was racing— going through all the times that his weakness nearly got the one he loved killed. Kokabiel, Diodora, and Shalba. Each time, he was helpless, and they almost always got away through sheer luck. Without that, his friends would've died several times over.

Arakawa looked like he didn't know what to say.

"It hurts knowing I can never meet your expectations. Not when I'm this pathetic." He said quietly, feeling his throat closing up. "A failure like me should never even be in your presence. I don't want to join because you felt pity for me."

Ichiban didn't know where this was coming from. It seemed as if the lid he had tightly sealed over his insecurities and fears of disappointing his role model had shattered, releasing a rush of anxious thoughts that overwhelmed him and exposed a vulnerability he'd thought he had buried.

It was petrifying, to say the least. Saying all of this in front of Arakawa of all people.

"You were right. I'm not… cut out to be by your side." He tried to keep his tears in check, lowering his head. "If I can't even protect the person closest to me, how can I protect someone like you? I'll just be a liability…"

It made him feel like a hypocrite. All those times saying that sometimes, things can't be helped. Saying how they couldn't just deny the fate they were dealt and have to move on and learn from their mistakes, even if a tiny part of him agreed with Akane.

Despite him knowing she was wrong, knowing that the perfection she desired couldn't be achieved. But if there was even the slightest merit in her words, then was he wrong? Was he just being complacent and weak, trying to excuse his own failings?

"…Thank you for the offer," Ichiban muttered. "But I can't. I haven't earned it yet."

Aren't you being too harsh on yourself, partner? Ddraig questioned.

Ichiban didn't respond, making him snort.

Suit yourself.

For a moment, Arakawa didn't say anything, but then he sighed deeply.

"When did you become so cynical, Ichiban?" He shook his head. "That's not why I didn't want you to be a yakuza."

Ichiban looked back at his boss.

"I don't think you're pathetic, Ichi. You're not weak or a failure." He said, his gentle smile returning. "You're just too good to be one."

This made him pause.

"W-what?"

"The thing is, the Tojo Clan isn't something you should be idolizing. Not when it's built on many innocent lives— countless crushed hopes and dreams." He continued vaguely. "Someone like you, who's so honest and kind, shouldn't be a cutthroat yakuza. You're better than that. Better than the entire clan combined."

Ichiban didn't say anything, waiting for his boss to finish, who paused for a moment.

"There's a second reason I sent you to Kuoh, you know? I wanted you to get attached to the friends you make there." He revealed. "Amamiya, the devils, and everyone else. Your loyalty should be to them, not to someone who doesn't deserve it."

"You DO deserve it!" Ichi vehemently disagreed, standing up. "You saved my life! You taught me so much and treated a street rat like me so kindly! And above all, you've given me a reason and purpose for living! What kind of a man would I be if I just left you without repaying anything?!"

"And that was my mistake, wasn't it? Maybe I should've tried pushing you harder." He responded softly. "But that's not fair to say, is it?"

"...What do you mean?"

"I don't want to reject your experiences and feelings, Ichiban. Rejecting the path you wish to take isn't right of me." He explained. "This is why I've decided to take you in. I want to walk this path with you and help as much as I can. I can't for the life of me deny you your purpose."

"…Even though I keep failing?" Ichiban sat back down.

"You will keep failing. Over and over. For the rest of your life." Arakawa said, taking the sake bottle and pouring some into the cup. "But like you always do, you'll climb back up. Even if you hit rock bottom, you'll claw your way back to the light. As many times as it takes."

Ichiban remained silent.

"That's just the kind of person you are." He added, setting the bottle aside. "You're too stupid to give up."

Ichiban couldn't help but feel a smile tugging at his lips.

"And it makes me very proud of you."

Ichiban felt like time stopped when he heard those words. A wave of emotions hit him all at once, overwhelming everything else. His heart raced in his chest as if trying to escape the intensity of the moment. He could hardly believe what he had just heard.

He realized that the man he admired most in the world, someone he respected deeply, had just said he was proud of him. That simple statement lit a fire in Ichiban, pushing away the shadows of his past failures and doubts. At that moment, he felt a strong sense of belonging, as if all the struggles he had been through mattered.

"Hah…" Ichiban lowered his head, feeling the tears gathering in the corner of his eyes. "Damn it…"

Crying in front of his role model was embarrassing, but it didn't seem to bother Arakawa as he chuckled, taking the sake-filled cup and sipping from it.

"Welcome to the Arakawa Family, Ichiban Kasuga." He said, handing him the cup. "Officially, this time."

"Thank you, boss." He nodded after wiping his tears, taking the cup, and drinking its contents. "I promise I'll do my best no matter what."

"Haha, that's the Ichiban I know," Arakawa responded before standing up after finishing his sake. "Now that's over, do you want to take a walk with me? I want to hear all about your adventures in Kuoh. And don't worry, I have already spoken to your school and told them everything."

"Yessir!" Ichiban saluted. "It'll be my honor."

"Relax. You don't have to treat me like this, you know? I'm not some king."

"Maybe not literally, but you are like a king to me."

Arakawa only sighed in exasperation but decided not to argue as they left the office.

I'll prove that I'm worthy. Ichi thought to himself as he followed his boss. I swear it.

You better. Ddraig muttered. I'll be watching you. You don't want to disappoint me.

I'll make you proud, too, Ddraig. I'll be the best and strongest Red Dragon Emperor in history. Ichiban vowed. Just watch me.

Heh. I am looking forward to it.

With newfound resolve burning in his eyes, that was a promise he wouldn't ever break.



– Akane –

"Hawaii, huh?" Rias hums, picking up a raygun I had made ages ago and twirling it around. "That sounds so nice~"

"Stop playing with that thing and put it down, Rias." Sona chastises the redhead, who rolls her eyes. "I imagine Hawaii would be packed during summer vacation, though."

"Probably. But anywhere worth visiting would be packed during vacation. It's vacation." I shrug, using the blowtorch to work on my new armor. "Besides, people with my kind of wealth have VIP status anywhere they go. I'll be fine."

Plus anyone who comes with me. Even if I bring Ichi, Asia, Issei, and all the devils using my own money, it wouldn't put a dent in my wallet. Really, being a billionaire is just cheating in life. Adding my talent, power, and beauty into the equation, and I might really be the chosen one.

I love being me. It's the best.

And as long as Majima agrees to what I asked of him earlier today, we should be good to do anything we want there. Hopefully. I would've asked my mother, but not even she's irresponsible enough to go with it. The Mad Dog, though? When I told him, he thought it was the funniest shit ever.

Here's hoping he gets those forged IDs before we leave. But the flight is in two weeks, so it should be fine.

"I suppose that's true…" Sona mutters, looking around my garage and seeing dozens of inventions lying about. Most of them are of the deadly variety. "There are so many things… No wonder your attendance in school is less than adequate."

I mean, attendance isn't really that important. As long as I ace the exams, I should get top of the class. That will complete my quest at school and rid me of any reasons to continue my "education" there. This means a lot more free time. And time is precious. Verily so.

I've been getting a bunch of ideas on how to improve my tech. Or rather, how to improve Nemesis especially. Creating the AI was a fantastic idea for sure, but I haven't really utilized him to his full potential.

Granted, he's still basically a baby since I just made him a month or so ago, but I feel like I can do so much more with him. Starting with creating a robot body for him to pilot. Letting him control my armor is cool and all, but creating some kind of 'backup' in case I'm cornered would probably help.

Mostly, I got thinking about it when Shalba took me to that gap subspace. I had Excelsis to save me that time, but using Excelsis is a risk in itself because of how it affects me mentally and physically. I need more layers of protection. After all, the sword needs to be my last resort.

Now that I have used it for real, I'm satisfied. I don't feel as much of an urge to wave it around anymore.

I'll continue making new armor for sure, improving my tech level that way, but if I'm making my magnum opus, it won't be armor; it'll be Nemesis. Thankfully, I have a few ideas to turn him into an utter powerhouse, but for now, they'll be shelved until I make that base in Hawaii.

And I think I've found the perfect location.

Or, well, Nemesis did. It's under his recommendation, and honestly, it's better than any potential place I've found. Credit where credit's due. I know he's just an AI, but I'm starting to really like how reliable he is.

So useful. Is this what it's like to be a proud mother?

"I get it. I wouldn't go to school if I knew how to make things like this." Rias giggles, checking out the raygun up close. "Hey, is it okay if I take this?"

"Sure, I don't really care."

"Aw, sweet!"

"Is this okay?" Sona asks, looking at the raygun in slight concern. "Isn't it dangerous?"

"To anyone weaker than High-class, yes." I nod. "I doubt it would leave a scratch on either of you or your peerages."

"Who cares? It's a raygun!" Rias says, pointing it at the wall with a pose. "How cool is that?"

I just made that one to level up my engineering skill. I could've put it in my inventory and forgotten about it there, but leaving it here makes me feel like a genius engineer. And I like feeling like a genius. Because I literally am.

"By the way, where's Kasuga?" Rias asks, lowering the gun. "Haven't seen him in school today."

"Ah, right. I forgot to tell you earlier, but I got a call from Arakawa-san saying he's busy today," Sona answers. "Not sure what for, though. It sounded a little important."

"And he's still not back?" The redhead blinks. "The sun's about to set."

"I asked him. He said he's coming tomorrow." I explain, putting the blowtorch aside and glancing at them. "Anyway, any reason you two are bothering me?"

Sona was about to answer before Rias beat her to it.

"Nah, not really." She shrugs. "We just wanted to hang out."

"I was done with my work early, so I thought I'd see what you're doing. Sorry for coming unannounced," Sona says with a little bow. "By the way, is this the new armor you're working on? It looks very similar to that other one, albeit sleeker."

"Yup. That one I wore against Diodora and Shalba was just a prototype." I smirk. "This thing is the real deal. I'm putting everything I learned during the invasion into it."

Kind of. Again, I'm trying to hold back so my jumps in technological knowledge seem believable. I can make something a lot more powerful than this if I really want to, but as I said before, my masterpiece will be Nemesis' body.

Because when I was making armor, it was because of how fragile I used to be. Now? Oh, I'm a lot more durable. I can handle a lot more punishment after getting the END essence. So, while I'll still make armor, it's not as much of a priority anymore.

No, if anything, I need more minions—mechanical ones. I need a whole army hidden somewhere as an emergency backup in case things go south. It'd be at the risk of revealing my real talent, but it'd be better than dying.

Why go through the effort of gathering a loyal army when I can just make one?

But I digress. This new armor is significantly more powerful than the old one. Not by a massive margin, but it should be a reasonable upgrade. I bet if I wore this against Shalba, I would've defeated him before he had a chance to use the snake.

"So cool~" Rias approaches to examine the armor closer. "Why the bronze, though? I liked the white color a lot more."

"I didn't want to make a copy," I answer. "But I also didn't feel like making an entirely new design. Changing the color requires no effort."

"I like the bronze." Sona nods in approval, a thoughtful hand on her chin. "Works well with the blue visor."

"Right?"

"Dunno." Rias doesn't seem to think so. "To be honest, I always thought you'd try to go with the edgy black and red color scheme."

First of all, the black and red combo is cool as fuck, and I'm tired of pretending that it isn't.

Second, that's reserved for my true armor and/or Nemesis' body. Not these toys.

"Looks too evil." I make a random excuse. "By the way, I was wondering what you two plan on doing during summer vacation. Wanna come with us? My treat."

"Hmm…" Rias crosses her arms and thinks for a moment. "That's tempting. It sounds like a lot of fun, but I think I'll pass."

"Really?" I raise a brow. "What? Do you have something more important to do?"

"Unfortunately." Her expression turns serious. "I barely had time to investigate what happened to Gasper that time."

Ah, that. I forgot about it.

"I promised him I'd figure it out." She adds. "So until I find some clues, my hands are full."

Good luck with that.

"Though, I might think about letting my peerage members go with you. If that's okay." Rias says with a smile. "Honestly, I think they deserve a nice, long vacation. After everything they've done for me, I want nothing but to make them happy."

Cute.

"…Sure, I don't mind." I turn my stare to Sona. "What about you?"

Sona frowns, suddenly looking upset. I don't know at what, as she suddenly stares down at her feet, but it looks important. I'm not sure what she's thinking about. A part of me thinks she's not up to it.

"I am sorry, but I…" She hesitates, her fists clenching tightly as she looks back at me with a very fake smile. "I'll be busy this vacation. Thank you for the offer, though."

Thought so. However, her response sounds a little weird. Even Rias notices it as she glances at her childhood friend with a mildly concerned look.

I can detect a hint of anger in her answer. No, not just anger. Overwhelming fury that she's keeping a tight lid on, which I find very impressive. Odd. I've never seen her feel this way before.

Something is bothering her a lot.

"That's too bad," I say, not wanting to bring it up. She probably wouldn't appreciate it. "How about winter vacation, then?"

"That sounds wonderful." Sona's smile turns real.

"Oh, maybe we can celebrate Christmas together!" Rias suggests.

"Devils celebrate Christmas?" I blink.

"Yup. Though, it's only been a recent practice. Started around ten years ago." She nods. "I wonder what Santa is getting me this year…"

"For all the pain you've caused me when I was training for Riser's Rating Game, I'd be disappointed if it's anything more than coal."

"For the love of– Can you please let that go already?!" She whines. "I changed! I got better!"

"Not much, seeing that you still believe in Santa." I scoff. "I always knew you were childish, but this is beneath even you."

"Oh, he's real," Sona suddenly says.

I pause, slowly turning to look at her.

"What?"

"Santa's real." She reiterates.

"No, he isn't." I frown.

"Devils, gods, dragons, and magic exist—" Rias points out. "But Santa is where you draw the line?"

"I—"

I'm at a loss for words for some reason. I mean, she makes a good point, but it still sounds pretty unbelievable. Santa is real? Or they fucking with me?

"He does exist." Lucifer quips as he materializes, seeing doubt clear on my face. "I've even met him a few times. Jolly old fellow. Surprisingly powerful as well."

Well, if Lucy says it's true, then I can't really deny that, can I?

"Huh…" I take a moment to process this. "Santa is real. Okay."

…Wait a minute.

Then does that mean that all those times I got coal was because of his fatass, and it wasn't my mother messing with me?!

That son of a bitch. I'm never baking him cookies again.


– Ichiban –

"Thank you so much for the meal, sir!" Ichiban bowed in respect to his boss, standing right outside their office. "You were right; the Peking Duck was delicious!"

"I can tell you loved it." Arakawa nodded with his usual soft smile on his face. "Though, I got a little worried seeing how you devoured everything on your plate. It seemed like you haven't had a good meal in a long time."

"Haha, no, that's not it." He chuckled, rubbing his neck sheepishly. "Kuoh has a lot of good and cheap places. I just wanted to show my appreciation, y'know?"

Though, in hindsight, it probably made him look like a gross dumbass. Granted, he was a growing young man and had a very big appetite, but he should've tried to show some class. He knew that if Sawashiro was there, he would've thwacked Ichiban on the head with a cane. And it would've been deserved, in all honesty.

But he wasn't lying. That restaurant was extremely good. He couldn't remember enjoying Chinese cuisine this much before. And considering it was pretty upscale, Ichi would hate to waste anything.

All in all, this was probably one of the best days of his life. Not only had he officially joined the Arakawa family at last, but he had hung out with the man he admired the most, which was a rare occurrence because his boss was busy most of the time. He couldn't wait to return to Kuoh and tell his friends all about it.

Ichiban was finally a yakuza. A real one. It was a dream come true for him.

"This again? I told you before, Ichi. You don't need to show me so much respect."

"But I have to." He insisted. "You're like a god. How else should I be treating you?"

"First, you call me a king, now a god? You're doing too much." Arakawa sighed and shook his head. "I would prefer it if you just treated me like a normal person. Starting with calling me by name."

"Um, sure, if you insist, sir." Ichiban blinked before realizing. "I-I mean, Arakawa-san… No way, I can't do it. It sounds way too weird."

Arakawa sighed again before smiling.

"Well, I can't do much about it, then." He said. "I know you want to wander around and say hi to your old friends here, but don't stay up too late, Ichi. You're going back to Kuoh tomorrow."

"Yessir."

"And remember to study for your exams." He added, opening the door to the office. "I may not think much of it, but you want to show Sawashiro up, don't you?"

"Yes."

He was sick of being treated like a moron by him. He wanted to prove that even a street rat like him could be an outstanding student. Maybe. Kind of.

"Then you better take it seriously."

"I will." Ichiban saluted. "I'll do my best."

"I'm sure you will." Arakawa nodded. "Good luck, Ichi. And good night."

"Good night." Ichiban bowed as his boss closed the door behind him.

As he was left alone, the Red Dragon Emperor decided to take a walk, seeing that there wasn't much else to do. He took out his phone and quickly texted Akane, asking if she could help him study for the exams.

Her response was demanding praise before she could consider it, to which he smiled softly after sighing in exasperation, doing as he was told. At least she wasn't demanding anything he couldn't do because she would do something like that just to watch him fail so she could laugh at him.

She could be annoying sometimes, but he loved her all the same.

She's got you dancing on the palm of her hand… Ddraig commented.

Shaddap.

…Admittedly, he still couldn't believe they were a thing.




– Akane –

"How intriguing," Lucifer says with a hum, standing behind me and looking at my current work. "So this was the project you were so eager to work on? Nemesis' body, I believe."

It's very late— a few hours before sunrise, in fact, but that's the best time to enter the dungeon and do my secret work. Now, obviously, ID Create has a two-hour limit every day, so there's not a lot I can do before I'm forced to leave.

This current project would take me a month even if I was working on it six hours a day. And while progress is painfully slow, it's still progress, so I can't really complain. Now, why would it even take me that long if an entire suit of armor took me less than two weeks?

Because this needs to be done perfectly, and it's the first time I've made anything like it. I'm still learning.

"Hm, well, yes and no." I do a so-so motion with my free hand. "Nemesis will definitely be utilizing this, but it's not his body."

"So they're different projects. Fascinating." Lucy says. "Then what purpose would you have this machine serve?"

"Isn't it obvious?" I glance at the Devil King. "I need someone to fill in for me. I can't have people notice my quick disappearances to the dungeons and whatnot."

"Hmm…"

"There's a reason I've had Nemesis observe everything I've been doing the past month," I explain. "He was analyzing my mannerisms for months. From the way I walk, talk, and even when I'm idle. Every little thing was being absorbed into his database for this sole purpose."

I look at my newest, shiniest toy, grinning at the perfect replica of my face, staring back at me with its lifeless eyes. It's not even close to being finished yet, and I may have spent so much time sculpting the head to absolute perfection.

It honestly looks incredibly eerie, but I'm still proud of myself. I mean, replicating such perfection is impossible, so what does creating this make me?

"Do you think it would work as you believe it would?" Lucifer asks. "You realize that any magician worth their salt would notice the lack of magical energy? Even if you found a way to counter that, Senjutsu users can detect souls."

"That's why it's not close to finished." My smirk widens. "I'm not an idiot, Lucy. I'm not activating this for Nemesis' use until I've found a way to eliminate those concerns."

It's also why my estimation is a month. Creating the robot itself isn't the issue— it's having it fool people into thinking it's me that's the problem. Giving it something that feels like my own soul, so even Senjutsu users are tricked…

It's not going to be easy, but if I manage to pull it off, then I won't have to worry about people figuring out that it's me who's devouring souls. And by the time they think something is off, I'll be utterly unstoppable.

The moment this thing is fully functional?

I win.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 108 others
Mirlnir
Feb 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 58: Opposites Attract
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Feb 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#961
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


Getting bored of the tedious work on my clone bot, I decided to spend the two hours I had in the dungeon investigating the island I planned to build my base on. Of all the islands of Hawaii, I chose one that is practically uninhabited. You know, making extra sure to be alone.

How am I able to do that? By just flying there, obviously. It was very early in the morning, so now, while I should be sleeping, I wore my darker outfit, the cloaking tech, and left Japan as fast as I could. I've made sure to set up a few hidden cameras in Kuoh in case something happens, like, say, the yakuza noticing me going missing, but so far, so good.

The flight to Hawaii, which usually would take about seven hours from Tokyo on a normal plane, barely takes a few minutes. With my new stats and perks, it's unreal how fast I can move compared to current technology. Not counting supernatural tech, I can move quicker than even the most technologically advanced jets. But self-worship can wait until later.

My first-ever secret base will be on the island of Kaho'owale, where any type of sightseeing is restricted unless you have explicit permission from the Hawaii government. Why is it restricted? Because that's the island the US Army used for target practice during World War 2. It's the perfect place.

I just have to dig maybe a few hundred meters and hide underneath the island. That way, it becomes much harder to find even without any cloaking tech I surround it with. Then, I'll only need to excavate around and make as big of a space as I require for my hidden army. Perhaps I can start from the ocean floor near the island? That way I don't have to even set foot on the island and risk getting caught.

Then, once I advance my tech enough, I'll create teleporters so I can go back and forth without wasting a minute. Or, you know, I'll get that blond chick's portal power because tech teleporters or not, I want that ability bad. I've seen how it can be used in combat, and holy shit is it busted.

Though, that's a mission for another day. Maybe I can strike during the vacation? There won't be as many yakuza monitoring me, and while I would really love to kill her before she's able to put up a fight, I should be prepared for the worst. If I'm lucky, she'll be in a place where she's alone and unsuspecting. I've noticed that she likes Sairaorg a bit too much. She barely leaves his side.

But I digress. I've seen enough, and I feel satisfied with Nemesis' suggestion, so after just a few minutes of checking that island out, I returned to Japan with no one any the wiser, utilizing the dungeon to slip into my house without being noticed.

And with a few hours to spare, I figure I'll brainstorm some ideas for Nemesis' body. Since I'm planning to build something that oughta be strong enough to rival and maybe surpass Satan-class, I can't be half-assing this.

So the first thing I do is open one of the sphere generators the Yakuza gave me, looking at the glowing orb of energy inside it in thought.

"Interesting. I can sense magic from it, and yet…" Lucifer mutters. "Not quite. Almost tainted."

No, more precisely, it feels like it transformed into something else. On first thought, one would think it's magic, but you don't need more than a few seconds to notice how artificial this feels.

Artificial. That's it. This would be an artificial equivalent since magic is a natural element in this universe. Obviously, I knew this was kind of the case ages ago, but I thought it simply turned magical energy straight into power, just as we do most other natural elements.

That's not entirely true. Instead, it's turned into this odd artificial mana, which is then used to power their tech. At first, I wasn't sure why they do something like this, but upon closer examination, I see the well of untapped potential this type of energy has.

Because without magic, tech cannot compare, but at the same time, tech can't handle too much magic without failing. So, they had to find an alternative so they could rival the other factions. Thus, this new energy was invented to bridge the gap between magic and tech.

"This thing can do so much more than simply power up tech. It's a new type of energy they've invented." I tell Lucifer. "This can be immensely powerful in the right hands. In a way, it's similar to how human magic uses calculations to work, only vastly superior."

This is because calculations aren't needed in this instance. It needs programming.

"Oh?" He raises a brow. "You've figured out that much already?"

"Yeah. But even I can tell that they're not close to perfecting it yet." I nod. "This energy is clearly still in its infancy. A prototype, perhaps. Either that, or they've simply not realized its true potential."

"Is that so? Fascinating. Are you implying it can be improved?"

"To a level beyond anything they could comprehend," I smirk. "And I have all the skills I need to do that. Though, honestly, I don't think I'm gonna risk messing with the Tojo Clan's toys like this."

"So you wish to make your own enhanced version."

"Pretty much. Too bad, though. That's not going to be easy." I lean back on my chair, stretching my arms with a sigh. "I need quality materials to start working on something like that, and I don't want to ask the yakuza for niche requests like this. Otherwise, I'll start looking suspicious."

And I doubt they'll have the thing I have in mind anyway.

"Hmm…"

But still, this is a massive step in making the ultimate machine. If I can utilize a better version of that energy for his body, Nemesis is going to be a force to be reckoned with. Hell, in the best-case scenario, he becomes stronger than even me right now.

"So you wish to find and gather your own resources," Lucifer mutters before giving me a smile. "I see. Well, that's not a problem."

I blink.

"You have a suggestion?"

"As a matter of fact, yes. Have you ever heard of Agreasite?" He asks, prompting me to shake my head. "They're potent magical crystals found on Agreas, a floating island in the underworld above the Agares territory."

"And you think they're suited for what I have in mind?"

"I'm positively certain." He confirms with a nod. "After all, among the hundreds of tools and artifacts they were utilized in, Excelsis was one of them."

"Oh." My eyes widen in surprise. "For real?"

"I have no reason to lie," Lucifer says. "I imagine something of that caliber would work well enough?"

"Oh, they sound perfect. If it was a component of Excelsis, then they're everything I need." I grin. "A handful of those should be more than enough."

I've never heard of those crystals before, so I guess I'll need to do some research. I hope Lucy isn't working with outdated knowledge and that these crystals don't exist anymore. That would suck.

But the Agares, huh? That time-stopping girl during the tournament was an Agares, too, wasn't she? Do I think I can get two birds with one stone? Or should I minimize risks and steal only a few crystals? Not to sound paranoid, but I don't want to look weird asking her for it. That could one day end up with my alternate persona going poof.

Though I imagine a place like this would be heavily guarded, so I'll need to map out the island and figure out a good plan of attack. If this 'Agreasite' is as strong as Lucifer is implying, then I'd be dumb not to try getting a few for myself despite the risks.

"I'll definitely keep it in mind." I nod. "Thanks, Lucy."

His amused gaze lingers on me for a few moments before he responds.

"Lucy, hmm? You're being rather comfortable with me, aren't you?" He says. "Are you sure that is wise? I'm the Great Devil King, after all."

I blink.

"…So you don't want to be called Lucy?" I ask a little cautiously.

That honestly kind of slipped. I didn't mean to call him that out loud.

Thankfully, he just chuckles.

"No, I was only making an observation." He waves it off. "You may call me whatever you wish."

Oh. Okay. That's good.

"Alright. I'll keep calling you Lucy, then." I nod. "It's cuter."

Besides, being heard talking to an imaginary friend called Lucifer would raise more eyebrows than talking to someone named Lucy.

With that, I put all the tools I have lying around in my inventory right before the dungeon shatters, bringing me back to the real version of my room.

"Oh, are you done for today?"

"Yup," I respond. "I'm about to hit the time limit for the dungeon anyway."

"Ah yes, the time limit." He comments. "Such arbitrary rule for an extraordinary power."

"Tell me about it." I huff

After stretching my arms, I exit my room and make my way downstairs, feeling a little peckish after a long morning of experimenting. I don't feel like leaving the house, so I check what's in the fridge first, being greeted with nothing but a few energy drinks I've been stocking up on.

"Oh, Akane! Good morning!" My mother smiles as she walks down the stairs. "You're up early— aaand you didn't sleep yet, did you?"

"Nope," I respond, grabbing a can and closing the fridge.

"Of course." She sighs. "Please take care of yourself better. You said you wanted to study with Icchan today, didn't you?"

"I'll be fine. I don't even feel sleepy," I say as I open up and sip my seventh can of energy drink. "…Where are you going anyway?"

I only just noticed her state of dress. Now, she never exactly wears anything extravagant or expensive when she goes out, content with a white shirt, black leather jacket, and jeans, but I can very much tell that she's going out because of the sunglasses on her face.

"Secret~" She winks.

"I see. Have fun."

"Wha— You're not even going to ask more?!" She exclaims with an exaggerated tone. "Aren't you the slightest bit curious?!"

"Not really." I shrug. "Just get me something to eat when you come back."

The supposedly grown woman gives me a childish pout, harrumphing and walking toward the front door.

"Why don't you learn how to cook something for yourself for once?"

"Oh, please. You don't know how to cook either." I fire back. As she tries to argue, I speak over her. "Knowing how to use a rice cooker doesn't count."

She doesn't bother responding to that as she leaves the house and angrily shuts the door behind her, making me sigh to myself. It's like she never grew up past fifth grade. It's embarrassing.

"You two are precious~" Lucy chuckles.

"Shush you."

Oh well. McDonald's it is.



– Ichiban –

Moving through the crowded Tenkaichi Street, Ichiban stopped by the Torii Gate, scanning for and spotting his boss standing alone, waiting for him. He picked up the pace and hurried over to where Arakawa was, his apology drawing the older man's attention.

"Sorry for being late, sir." He bowed deeply. "I forgot how enthusiastic the thugs here are about getting their asses kicked."

"It's alright. As long as you're here before your ride." Arakawa said before pausing. "…Interesting haircut."

Ichiban felt his face glowing red at the mention of his afro.

"I-I thought I'd have it cut while I'm here." He said. "But the barber messed it up, and I didn't have time to complain."

In reality, he remembered how Akane said that she liked it this way. Ichiban could be making the greatest mistake of his life by bringing it back for her sake, but if she did end up making fun of him, he'd just get rid of it again.

He'd rather go bald if he was being honest.

"I see." His boss hummed.

Before he could ask anything further, Ichiban quickly voiced his thanks, eager to deflect any awkwardness in the air.

"Thanks again for everything, sir." He bowed before his boss once again. "I'll be sure to visit again after the exams."

"You don't have to. I'll probably be busy by then anyway." Arakawa said. "Enjoy your vacation with your friends instead. You got anything planned?"

"Not really." He rubbed his neck. "I mean, I thought I'd hang around Kamurocho, but I guess spending it in Kuoh is fine too."

It was probably for the best if anything. Since most of the training tools were there, staying in Kuoh sounded a lot more convenient. Kamurocho didn't have a cool facility he could use, as far as he was aware.

That thought reminded him of that rumor about an underground coliseum back in the day, but even if it did exist, he didn't think it would be useful to him.

"I see. Never considered traveling out of the country?"

"Eh, I don't know about that. I mean, I've never even left Kanto." He admitted. He'd never been on a plane before. "Traveling sounds a little scary."

"It can be for a first-timer. But it's fun and fulfilling." His boss said. "Try it out one day. The United States and most places in Europe are good for sightseeing."

"I'll consider it." Ichiban nodded. "Though, I wouldn't know where I'd get the money for that kind of thing."

"Since you've never left the country, I'll cover it for you just this once." Arakawa offered. "Just let me know where you want to go, and I'll have it handled."

"You're doing way too much, sir. Please, I only just joined the family." Ichiban felt embarrassed. "I want to prove myself before I get rewarded like this. I can't take advantage of your kindness."

"There it is again. Your desire to prove yourself even though you don't need to." His boss responded, a little unamused. "You can be a hassle sometimes, you know? Stop making a fuss, and let me treat you."

"Sorry…"

Arakawa only sighed.

"Oh well." He said with a smile. "At least it makes me sure that you're taking it seriously."

"Naturally." Ichi saluted. "Being part of the family was everything I wanted. I'd never half-ass being a yakuza. One day, I'll be just as good as you."

"That would be a day worth celebrating." Arakawa chuckled. "I'm looking forward to it."

He patted Ichiban on the shoulder, prompting the younger man to give him a determined smile. That was a promise he would fulfill no matter what he had to do. To be one like the legends of the Tojo Clan. Like Goro Majima, Taiga Saejima, Kazuma Kiryu, and Masumi Arakawa. That was Ichiban's ultimate goal.

As they continued their conversation for a few more minutes, a silver-colored and very expensive-looking car stopped by them, confusing Ichi greatly. He couldn't tell who it was in the driver's seat— the windows were highly shaded, but a part of him felt highly suspicious.

That was until his boss spoke.

"Looks like your ride is here," Arakawa said.

"Eh?" He blinked. "Um, you mean this car?"

"Yes."

After a pause, Ichiban looked around, seeing if his boss meant something else, but no other car was parked next to them.

"This one?"

"Yes."

"The Bentley?"

"Yes, Ichiban." He nodded. "The silver Bentley that's parked right next to us."

"F-for me?!" His eyes widened. "Isn't this a bit excessive?!"

He almost couldn't believe it. He thought the Yakuza would try to be a little more inconspicuous. You know, considering they're Japan's supernatural force. Where nearly nobody 'normal' would know. Who would try to flaunt their wealth like this? And for Ichiban, of all people?

"Well, this wasn't my choice," Arakawa admitted. "Let's just say that the car's owner volunteered to pick you up."

Suddenly, Ichiban felt even more nervous than he already was.

"Good luck with your exams, Ichi."

"R-right." He nodded. "Thanks. I promise I'll do my best."

His boss nodded, and Ichi went to open the door.

"Ah, right, before you go—" His boss said, prompting Ichiban to glance at him again. "Here. I forgot to give you this last night."

Ichiban accepted the gift, pausing as he recognized it.

"This is the family's crest pin." He said.

Oh, he was going to look so damn cool with this on when he returned to Kuoh. Sure, maybe the Arakawa wasn't the most prominent or most accomplished family in the Tojo Clan, but goddamn it, they had a legend leading them. Ain't that enough?

"Don't lose it, okay?" His boss said. "And I'm sure you don't need me telling you this, but don't wear it while you're in school."

"Right. Thank you, sir." He nodded again as he pocketed it. "See you soon."

Ichiban then stepped forward, nervously putting his hand on the door handle before opening it. As he got in, he anxiously tried to glance at the driver, his eyes widening in recognition and surprise as he saw who it was.

"Good morning~" She greeted him with a big smile and a wink behind her shades. "And I see the afro is back, eh?"

"Mizuki-san?!"

"In the flesh." Akane's mother giggled. "So, whaddya think? It's cool, right?"

"Wait, this is your car?!"

"Yup!" She confirmed, seamlessly rejoining the lane. "Now you can brag about getting a luxury car ride with the coolest auntie around. Rejoice, Icchan! Your popular phase is within sight!"

For some reason, something about Mizuki implying that he wasn't popular — even if she had no way of knowing — rubbed him the wrong way. Did she think he looked boring or something? For his own sake, Ichiban didn't dwell on it and continued with the conversation.

"Y-yeah. Thanks." He muttered, with Akane's mother being none the wiser. "It's pretty surprising, though. I know you owned a few cars, but Akane never said anything about something this upscale."

"Well, to be honest, this is the only luxury car I ever bought. I usually prefer the regular cheaper ones since, y'know, they do the job just as well. I see no reason to flaunt my wealth and buy expensive sports cars." She shrugged. "But I saw this one last year and couldn't resist. Why not, right?"

That made sense. Being humble is great, but anyone with her wealth would want to burn some cash every now and then.

"How much did you get it for?"

"About 35,000,000 Yen, I think?" She hummed, casually mentioning a number that made Ichiban want to cry a little. "Or a little higher than that. I don't remember."

She didn't remember how much money she spent on something like this.

Rich people, man. Ichiban resisted a sigh.

And to think this probably didn't make any difference to her net worth. Ichiban wasn't a jealous person, but as a guy who'd lived most of his life in poverty, he prayed for wealth like this one day. Not having to eat bland and cheap convenience store meals just to survive sounded like a dream. He could have sushi all day, every day.

"I-I see. That's impressive." He cleared his throat, quickly changing the subject. He didn't want to dwell on it too long— being poor was depressing enough. "So, uh, why'd you decide to pick me up?"

"Hm? Oh, well, Akane told me about your situation last night, and I had nothing to do, so why not?" She responded. "And driving in this every once in a while sounds nice."

"I guess it does." He smiled. "Thank you, Mizuki-san. I'm sorry for all the trouble."

"Eh, don't mention it. It's really nothing." Mizuki said. "You're like my own son, too."

They continued to talk for a few minutes, Ichiban once again noting how different the mother and daughter were. From the way they talked and behaved, one would think that there was no way they were related. Akane was a cool and collected lady who somewhat acted like a typical Himedere, but her mother was a lot more energetic and happy-go-lucky, being far more comfortable in being 'silly' than Akane ever was.

The only thing they shared was looks — obviously — as Akane looked like a clone of her mother whenever she didn't have that emo cut. He could still remember that party night— the one after Rias' Rating Game against Riser. Akane had looked like someone else entirely. It had been stunning.

But she'd always been breathtaking to him, so maybe that was nothing new.

For a while, as the conversation died down, he and Mizuki enjoyed a pleasant moment of silence between them until she decided to break it first.

"…Soooooo…"

"Hm?"

"I don't know how to start this, but uh…" She cleared her throat. "…You and Akane, huh?"

Ichiban visibly froze, breaking into a cold sweat as he tried his best not to look at her.

"How did you know?"

"Oh, please. My daughter, who was almost kidnapped not that long ago, mind you, didn't come back home for a night." She huffed. "How do you think I was supposed to react?"

"Ah…"

"I haven't seen you two 'in action' if that's what you're worried about. Only you and her. Sharing a bed. Without any clothes on." She said curtly. "And I can't say I'm exactly pleased."

Ichiban felt a shiver go down his spine at her cold tone. He was alone in a car with the mother of the girl he'd had sex with. He wasn't sure just how much she knew, but if she was lacking in the context of what actually happened, then he was just fucking dead.

Because when they did it, they'd been drunk. There are very few ways that this could be interpreted, and with someone as protective as Mizuki, she might get the wrong idea and destroy him out of a misunderstanding.

He had to say something before she turned him into a lizard-flavored popsicle.

"Just to let you know, she came onto me." He said, quickly trying to defend himself. "I-I tried to stop her, but she was too insistent and I—"

"And you folded. I know." She nodded. How? "I like you, Icchan, but you never struck me as the type to take initiative regarding romance. Or sex."

Wow.

Haha!

Shut up.

"And don't worry, I'm not mad at you. I knew it was going to happen eventually. Come on, she kissed you during that Rating Game." Mizuki sighed. Good point. "I'm just a little disappointed in Akane. I mean, even before a first date? That's not how I raised her."

Ichiban thanked his lucky stars that she wasn't going to feed him his own frozen dick and balls for fucking her daughter. He'd seen a glimpse of her anger once at school during Parent's Day, and he did not want to see it again.

Someone as kind and fun-loving as Mizuki getting mad was a scary thought. It ran in the family, apparently.

However, that was only stage one. He knew ever since he woke up yesterday that he had to confront Mizuki and ask if she was okay with it. Of course, this wasn't how dating typically worked in the modern age as far as he was aware, but he'd been a virgin with zero experience before that night, and he respected the Amamiya Matriarch too much to never ask.

There wasn't a lot he could do if he was rejected by her. And while he was 100% sure Akane would just ignore her orders and tell her to go die, not being accepted by Mizuki would still hurt a lot.

He had to choose his words carefully here. He couldn't disappoint Mizuki of all people.

"But I can't be mad at her for too long. After all, I'm glad that it was you that she latched onto." She added. "Knowing it wasn't with some scumbag who would break her heart makes me relieved."

"Eh? Wait, you're okay with me dating Akane?"

"Well, yeah. I know the kind of person you are, Icchan." She nodded, her happy smile returning. "There's no other person I trust her to be with more than you."

…That was easy.

"You're a thoughtful and hard-working gentleman. I always thought you were a good match for her ever since I met you the first time." Mizuki patted him on the shoulder, one hand on the steering wheel. "I know Akane will be happy with a handsome young man like you."

"Hearing that makes me feel a little embarrassed." He said as he rubbed his neck, not expecting this at all.

Mizuki giggled.

"To be honest, I'm more worried about you." She admitted. "I know how stubborn my daughter can be sometimes. I really hope she doesn't do something stupid and push you away."

"I know how she is too, Mizuki-san, and I'm prepared. I can handle her worst." He claimed. "No matter what happens, I'll be there for her."

Mizuki looked both surprised and relieved at his promise, her smile turning warm.

"You really love her, don't you?"

"I do." He said without hesitation. "I don't know when it happened, but ever since I fell for her, my feelings kept growing by the day. I've only ever fantasized about going out with her. I really am lucky that she felt the same."

"No, Icchan. She is lucky to have someone like you by her side." Mizuki disagreed. "Akane may seem like a girl with a strong character, and she definitely is. She can take care of herself just fine. But she's also very delicate on the inside, y'know? She needs people like you."

Ichiban waited for her to finish.

"She doesn't show that side of her a lot, thinking it makes her look shameful or weak, so she just bottles it up. But she can only do so much before she breaks down. I've seen it happen more than once." She continued. "That's why I have a request for you, Icchan."

Her smile faded, replaced by a look shadowed with worry and guilt that tugged at her features.

"Please don't give up on her." She asked. "No matter what she does, always be by her side. Scold her whenever she does something terrible, but make sure she feels loved. Be her anchor in case bad things happen. Be there to lead her back to the right path whenever she strays off."

"Mizuki-san…"

"I know I'm being very selfish, Icchan. And I'm sorry." Mizuki admitted. "It's just… Something feels wrong, but I don't know what it is. Every day, I wake up feeling like something terrible is about to happen. With Akane being at the center of it."

Ichiban was at a loss for words. He had never seen this vulnerable side of Mizuki before, and it left him both worried and confused. He didn't think she felt this way.

But to show him this side of hers meant that she trusted him a lot.

"She may not show it, but she really does love you back. A lot more than you'd think." She added. "That's why I'm asking you. You're the only person I can rely on to make sure she doesn't do something she regrets. Please."

At her heartfelt request, Ichiban couldn't exactly reject her. Not that he planned to, anyway. As he had said before, he was prepared to handle her worst. Which was a big claim, knowing the kind of person she was, but he was confident in himself.

He wanted this relationship to blossom into something more one day. Perhaps Ichiban was getting ahead of himself, but he could see a bright future with her. One he would do anything to see fully realized.

And so, he nodded, giving Akane's mother a grin.

"Leave it to me, Mizuki-san." He gave her a thumbs up. "I won't let anything get in between us, even if she's the one trying to push me away."

Mizuki smiled back at him, relieved at his response.

"Thank you, Icchan. I mean it." She said. "Now that's done and settled, you didn't eat anything, did you? Because I'm starving, and I'm craving a big bowl of ramen. How about it? My treat, of course."

"That'd be awesome. Thank you so much!"

Admittedly, Ichiban wasn't sure what had worried Mizuki so much about the future, but it was his responsibility to take care of her daughter—more than just a bodyguard, but as a man too.

These past few days had made him realize that many people were relying on him, and he'd be damned if he let any of them down.



– Akane –

Any other time, I'd say that bothering with something like this is a huge waste of time. I mean, really, studying for high school exams when I can build machinery straight out of Sci-Fi novels? Really? I might as well take a nap instead. Unironically better use of my time.

However, I don't really have anything to do anyway. There aren't quests to complete, I spent my two hours in the dungeon, and I'm done working on my new good guy armor. Plus, I'm not studying myself since I've already memorized all the material.

Instead, I'm helping Ichiban study after he asked me to help him out. And why not, right? Sure, I've maxed out his affection already, but this could be fun. I haven't seen him since yesterday morning, either, and I want to know what happened in Kamurocho. I can't have him out of my sight for too long, not when he's close to that beloved boss of his.

Ugh, I should've had a Spyder latch onto him before he left. My fault for not bringing them with me to his apartment. Sure, I wouldn't look questionable if I just asked him like a normal person, but I want all the details. Details he'd likely omit for one reason or another. Not knowing things makes me anxious and annoyed.

I can't let that happen again, so I brought my cute, tiny Spyders to the cafe where we decided to meet. It's my favorite cafe in Kuoh, and thankfully, the yakuza own it, so I told them to reserve it for us only. It makes things a little romantic.

I sip from my hot cocoa in wait, flipping through the pages of a shonen manga until the bell at the door rings as it swings open. I turn and look at Ichiban with his school bag, eyes widening as the first thing I notice is his haircut.

"No way, you brought the afro back!" I say with a beaming grin. "You're finally whole again!"

"Why do you sound so excited?" He scowls. "Are you making fun of me?"

"Please, of all the things to be insecure about…" I roll my eyes. "I told you a thousand times already; it looks great on you."

"Yeah, I'm sure you mean it." He scoffs, though I catch the undertone of giddiness he's trying so hard to hide.

"You're so cute when you act like that."

"Shut up." He says, putting the bag next to him as he goes to sit opposite of me. "So, uh, nice place. I've never been here before."

I look at him with an unamused frown, which he quickly notices.

"What?" He blinks.

"Oh, I don't know— not sitting in this perfectly nice and comfy chair here?" I point at the seat next to me. "What's wrong with you, taking the farthest seat from me? Are you trying to tell me something? How rude. That's not how you should treat a gorgeous princess like me, you know?"

"U-uh, yeah." He clears his throat as he gets up, his expression turning into one of exasperation and mild embarrassment. "Sorry."

He sits right next to me, which turns my frown upside down as I give him a cheeky smirk while brushing my shoulder against his.

"Much better," I say approvingly. "It better not happen again. You don't want to hurt your girlfriend's feelings, do you?"

Ichiban pauses for a moment before he rubs his neck awkwardly.

"You mean, we're a thing?"

"Hm?"

"I wasn't sure until now, to be honest." He says. "I thought what happened back at my apartment was kind of a one-off thing…"

Oh, the fucking nerve of his idiot.

"Are you serious?" I give him an annoyed glare. "What kind of person do you take me for, Ichiban?"

"Eh?"

"A one-off thing? Seriously? Do you think I'd just throw myself at anyone just because I felt horny like some kind of animal? Please." I scoff, grabbing him by the collar and pulling him close. "Nobody in this world deserves to even see my exposed leg for me to act like that. If anyone dares to get a glimpse of my perfect figure without my explicit permission, I'd carve their eyes out."

He flinches and gulps at my unexpected response.

I'm honestly kind of offended that he'd suggest something like this. What am I, some cheap whore? I oughta kick his ass for implying such a thing, intentionally or not.

But I feel nice today, and I'm reasonable enough to know that he lacks confidence in himself when it comes to romance and sex.

"U-um, I mean, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you or anything." He quickly apologizes. "It's just— we did it before we even went on a date. So I thought maybe—"

"Dates. What a stupid concept. We hung out countless times. It's the same damn thing." I reply, letting go of him. "Besides, it's not about how many dates we had. It's about privilege."

"Privilege?" He blinks.

"Yes. And you were only given that divine privilege because of two reasons." I bring up two fingers, curling each one as I list them off. "One: You've earned my trust. I know the kind of person you are. If you were undeserving, I wouldn't have even sent any of those images for you to enjoy."

Besides, if I did send something and he was someone undeserving, I could just as easily hack into his phone and delete the image from it. Even if he did share it somewhere, the internet isn't safe from Nemesis. He'd track it in nanoseconds and get it deleted.

"And two: You proved your strength." I continue. "After all, remember our little challenge? Despite losing the tournament, you still defeated me. Me. The most talented being in the entire universe. Doesn't that speak volumes of how hard you worked to get this far? I find that both admirable and attractive."

Sure, had I gone all out, I would've actually killed him early in the fight, but I was still pushed to my limit. I was knocked out. Whether I held back or not isn't relevant here. And yeah, I might've been very frustrated at first, but I feel better now, so oh well.

Busted Sacred Gear and Balance Breaker aside, he still put in sweat, blood, and tears to get this far.

"So don't get it twisted next time, and be thankful for the heavenly gift you were given," I conclude, my smirk returning. "Who knows? If you keep impressing me, maybe I'll let you have more fun~"

For a while, Ichiban doesn't say anything before giving me an odd smile.

"You know, a simple 'I love you' would've given me the same message."

The sudden and unexpected response catches me off guard, and my heart skips a beat. I try to ignore these annoying feelings by promptly shoving him, embarrassingly stammering a response.

"W-wha— that's not what I meant!" I stutter with a look of surprise. "Are you deaf? I said you were worthy to be dating me. I'm literally a goddess, and you're a peasant. Don't flatter yourself. You better be thankful I'm giving you a chance."

"Yeah, yeah." He rolls his eyes, looking annoyingly smug. "Well, whether it matters to you or not, know that I love you too."

My face grows hot as I resist a very strong urge to punch him in the head.

"Obviously, dumbass. I already knew that." I scoff, crossing my arms in annoyance. "Everyone loves me. Who doesn't."

This isn't fair, you fuck. Only I can tease. Your job is to get embarrassed and act adorably stupid.

Ugh, I could've handled that a lot more gracefully. How does something like that get me all flustered? What am I, a middle schooler?

"You're right, you're right." He chuckles.

"The fuck are you so smug about?" I scowl. "Bastard. You wanna get beaten up?"

"No, no. I'm not being smug." He smugly clears his throat. "So we're officially boyfriend and girlfriend?"

"I prefer the terms 'servant' and 'goddess'."

"Can it be both?" He offers a compromise.

I squint my eyes and hum in thought before shrugging.

"Fine." I accept his terms. "I better be treated like a goddess. You have to spend money on me and always get me gifts, or else I'll be mad and beat you up extra hard during training. I demand three offerings a month. They can be anything, as long as it costs more than a hundred grand. I know you're poor, but that's not an excuse."

"You did not have to bring up my financial crisis." He complains, his forehead hitting the table.

"You broke bitch." I smirk. "Imagine being poor? Couldn't be me."

"Can you not?" He sighs. "Please?"

"Oh, fine. I'm just messing with you anyway." I pat him on the back. "Tell you what? Since I'm a generous goddess who deserves your eternal loyalty and affection, I'll start with the gifts first."

"Really?"

"Uh-huh." I nod. "How about a trip to Hawaii with me during summer vacation?"

Ichiban freezes.

"HUUUH?!" He looks at me in shock. "For real?!"

"Yup." I grin. "First-class vacation with yours truly. Sounds good?"

"It sounds amazing!" He gives me a bright smile. "Are you sure? Is that really fine?"

"Sure it is. I actually have a private resort about thirty minutes away from Honolulu since my parents and I used to travel to Hawaii a lot." I reveal. "But you'll get this trip only if you get in the top ten of the class. I won't be satisfied with anything less."

"Oh, hell yeah! These exams ain't shit!" He confidently claims. Men are so easy. "Wow, how can I ever repay you?"

"Hmm…" I take a moment to think about a proper payment. "Maybe with something like this?"

I grab him by the collar and bring him closer, surprising him with a kiss on the lips. All for the purpose of teasing him. Which works as his face breaks into a deep blush once I pull away. Payback time, bitch.

I am the one who teases.

"This is gonna take a while to get used to…" He mutters.

Adorable.

"Enough wasting time," I tell him, prompting him to rummage through his school bag. "So, what subject do you want to start with?"

Before he can respond, the bell of the door rings again, and in walks Issei, Rias, Sona, and their peerages, making me blink in surprise. Before I can ask what the hell they are doing here, the redhead is the first one to speak.

"Heyhey! We heard there's a group study here." She says, cheerful as ever. "So we wanted to join. The more the merrier, right?"

"You wanted to join." Sona sighs. "I didn't. I have already studied. You're just dragging me with you."

"Don't lie." Rias giggles. "You were up for it when you heard Akane was here."

"I was not!"

As I'm about to tell them to fuck off and leave us alone, Ichiban speaks first.

"Oh yeah, sure, come in!" Ichiban invites them with a smile. "I'm sure the cafe is big enough to hold all of us."

I can't help but sigh in mild disappointment. There goes the romantic mood. Oh well. It doesn't make much difference anyway. And with a group this big, there are plenty of targets to bully.

I feel myself smirk mischievously as I glance at my first target: The blushing Sona, who can't even make proper eye contact with me.

So, what exactly am I complaining about?
Last edited: Feb 20, 2025
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 101 others
Mirlnir
Feb 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 59: Vacation
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Mar 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#974
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus




Standing a bit farther back than the rest of the students next to Ichiban and Issei, we look through the result board for our names, and to absolutely no one's surprise, I'm at the top of the list with full marks, which is apparently unheard of in Kuoh Academy from what I can pick up from the other students whispering to each other.

"Wow, Amamiya-san is amazing! Look at her score!"

"100%?! Holy crap! I've never heard of something like this before!"

"I knew she was a genius, but still…"

Oh, please, keep the praise coming. That's all you background characters are good for, anyway.

Honestly, I don't know what they're so surprised about. Sure, technically, I shouldn't be getting full marks because of my terrible attendance, but it's not something that can't be fixed with a bit of string-pulling. I deserve it for saving this town from Kokabiel, after all.

Why bother wasting my time on this, seeing that I'm too good for school? Because I'm not too good for quests. Even though a total of 450 points isn't really that great compared to the quests I've been getting recently, stats are stats. It's not like the quest is asking too much of me. I'm patient enough to handle school for a few months.

Besides, I got a new title out of it. One that's very useful. What more could I ask?

[Diligent Student] – Title

You are the perfect student. With a scholarly spirit and a hardworking mindset, you absorb knowledge like a sponge.

Passive: Slight chance of copying unique skills upon seeing them for the first time.

Active: All skills are 15% easier to learn and improve.

I'm not sure what really qualifies as a 'unique' skill in this instance, but if things like Power of Destruction count, then oh boy. That's one hell of an ability, even if it works primarily on luck. However, it says, 'upon seeing them for the first time'. Does that mean if it's something I've seen before, it doesn't apply?

That would make it much more useless, but hey, I won't say no. Who knows, it could save my life one day.

"Come on, come on…" Ichiban mutters to himself anxiously before he spots his name on the board, his expression brightening up in an instant. "Hahah! Hell yeah, 94%! I'm in the top ten!"

"Barely." I roll my eyes playfully. Eighth place isn't so bad for him, I guess. Considering he dropped out of middle school. "But a promise is a promise."

To be honest, even if he had gotten lower than tenth place, I would've dragged him with me to Hawaii regardless. After all, I can't have him run around where I can't see. True, I can have my Spyders keep track of him anywhere I want, but it's not better than watching him with my own two eyes.

And, well, the trip would be boring without him there. Especially seeing that my mother wouldn't be coming with us for some reason and the devil heiresses declined my offer. So it would just be me, Asia, Issei, and some of Rias' peerage.

And fuck that noise. I'd rather stay here in Kuoh if that's the case.

"It's all thanks to you." He tells me, looking at me with a big, dumb smile. "Thanks a lot for taking the time to help me study, Akane. I mean it."

"Naturally. I can't have you embarrassing me." I flip my hair, a hand on my hip. "But I demand compensation for this. My assistance isn't free, y'know."

"Sure. I'm prepared to do anything to pay you back." He nods confidently.

"Oho?" I give him a mischievous smirk. "Are you sure about that?"

Ichiban's grin turns nervous.

"Maybe not, actually."

"Pfft. Wimp." I tease him before glancing at Issei. "So what about you?"

"I'm in tenth place!" He says with a satisfied smile. "That's the highest I've ever gotten! Aw man, when my parents see this, they will be so proud of me!"

"For the first time, I'm sure."

Issei looks at me as if I shot his dog and kicked him in the balls. Shocked and hurt.

"Wha— Why?! What did I do?!" He complains as Ichiban resists a chuckle. "Would it hurt you not to kick me down for once?!"

"Oh, stop moaning. I'm just messing with you." I snort, crossing my arms. "And I bet you're into it, too, you freak."

"I'm not." He denies it with a scowl before pointing at himself proudly. "The only thing I'm into is huge boobs."

"Every straight guy is into tits, dipshit. We call that having instincts." I scoff. "The difference is that no one is as obnoxious about it as you. And that's why you'll die a virgin. Alone and afraid. Having never touched a boob."

"What the hell?! Why are you so mean today?!" He asks with a flinch. "Did I do something wrong?"

"Just leave the poor guy alone." Ichiban sighs. "Don't worry. She doesn't really mean it."

"Oh, but I do."

"If she did, you wouldn't have gotten invited to come with us to Hawaii." He throws me an annoyed frown before addressing the depressed Issei with a smile. "It's just her way of communicating. You'll get used to it."

"Uh-huh. Yeah, right." He glares at Ichiban. "Almost as if she doesn't treat us entirely differently."

"What?" My boyfriend blinks, looking utterly oblivious. "What's that supposed to mean?"

Oh my god. He's so fucking stupid. I love it.

Issei sighs, sounding and looking more depressed. I love that, too.

"Nevermind. It's nothing." He scratches the back of his head. "So, uh, when's the flight?"

"Tomorrow morning," I respond. "Better start packing up from now. Meet me at the school gate at about eight."

"Not the airport?" Ichiban raises an eyebrow. "I mean, wouldn't it be faster if we met there?"

"Why the airport?" I frown in confusion. "We're taking a private jet."

My nonchalant reveal makes the two momentarily freeze to process the information.

"HUH?!" Issei's eyes widen.

"A fucking WHAT?!" Ichi exclaims, equally as shocked.

"What are you so surprised about?" I blink. "What else did you expect?"

"I-I dunno!" Ichiban lowers his voice as he notices some people looking at us weirdly. "I mean, I thought we'd get first-class seats or something—"

"First-class?! What am I, a peasant?! How dare you imply that!" I playfully exaggerate my outrage before giggling. "I'm one of the wealthiest people on the planet, Ichi. Didn't I tell you to consider this my treat for getting into the top ten? First class is way beneath me."

Honestly, even a private jet isn't necessary. We could fly there by ourselves or use one of the Tojo teleporters, both of which are much faster alternatives. However, that seems a bit dull. So, being the generous goddess that I am, I might as well offer him the whole experience of living like the wealthy, complete with an obscenely rich girlfriend.

Besides, flying there would be pretty troublesome because of the luggage. We're staying there for about a month, so that's a lot of bags. Plus, I want to take my suit of armor with me, just in case. I don't know what we might encounter while we're there.

It wouldn't hurt to do some research about Hawaiian folklore and mythologies.

"Y-yeah…" Ichiban rubs his neck awkwardly, not used to being spoiled like this. I find it incredibly adorable. "Heh, I don't really know what to say. Thanks a lot."

"I demand more praise and a back massage later today," I tell him. "Go on now. Pack up your bags so we can hang out after. You too, Issei."

"A-ah, yeah, okay." Issei nods, giving Ichi a glare of immense jealousy for a split second before walking away. "See you at the arcade!"

My smirk widens as he disappears from view. He knows, but who doesn't, really? Everyone watched the finals and saw me doing that, as embarrassing as it was. What's really funny is he thinks he still has a chance with me.

I so wanted to torment him. I barely held myself back from kissing Ichiban right in front of him just for the hell of it. I can't imagine what Issei would look like had I done that.

But I guess doing that in front of so many other students could be troublesome because it would be shared around like wildfire. Although I want to crush Issei's feelings, I don't want to do that to Sona. That wouldn't be healthy for my REP/AFF points with her.

"Damn, what's with him?" Ichi wonders out loud.

"What do you mean?" I ask, knowing exactly what this is about.

"I dunno, he kinda feels a little colder to me these past few days." He sighs. "I don't know if it's just me or I genuinely made him upset somehow."

"It's probably just him." I shrug. "You didn't do anything wrong."

And even if he did, Issei probably deserves it anyway.

"I hope so." He says, smiling at me almost shyly. "So anyway, want me to walk you home?"

"Trying to fill the role of the perfect servant, huh?" I give him a cheeky smirk. "Sure. I'd like that."

"Then let me hold your bag for you."

"Aw, that's so kind of you," I say, handing him the school bag. "My little adorable slave~"

Ichi promptly drops it on the ground and walks ahead of me, which makes me audibly laugh. I take the bag and follow after him, teasing him about his reaction as he responds with irritation about being called my slave.

"Servant, I can understand. I'm cool with it even. But slave? I have my pride as a man, damn it." He complains. "Don't call me that."

"But it's true."

"Not. I'm not even your servant; I'm your bodyguard." He points out. "I just play along for your sake."

"Uh-huh." My smugness persists, causing his right eye to twitch in annoyance.

"Seriously. Is it so hard for you to show me some respect? I'm a person with feelings, too, you know." He continues to whine before he clicks his tongue. "You're so fucking annoying sometimes."

"Whatever you say, bodyguard," I shrug with a mutter, just loud enough for only him to hear. "Would've been easier if you had just said you don't want sex."

Unsurprisingly, his attitude does a complete 180, and he folds instantly.

"I'm whatever you want me to be, Goddess."

That's what I thought.




– Sona –

As Sona observed the students leaving through the school gates from the student council room, she paused at the sight of Akane waving at her with her signature smirk. This made the Sitri devil respond with a smile and a wave of her own.

Once the yakuza princess walked away and was out of view, Sona's smile dropped, replaced with an expression of unease and conflict. The past few weeks after the tournament weren't kind to her. Or rather, she wasn't kind to herself.

She thought she'd learn to move on eventually, but she only felt increasingly worse as the days went by. Even studying became a chore, and she couldn't focus properly. So much that her grades may have suffered a little, as opposed to the 100% she thought she'd get, she'd only gotten 98%, which was embarrassing enough considering how strict she was to those around her.

All she could think of was her inadequacy and weakness, day in and day out, from sunrise to sunset. This wasn't normal— since when was she so prone to feeling this inferior and pathetic? She couldn't even live her life without feeling terrible about herself.

Her look of anxiety transformed into one of irritation and fury as she ground her teeth, her hand balling into a fist. She loathed this sensation. This vulnerability of hers. As the heiress of the Sitri Pillar—she was never meant to feel this way! She was more than a high-class devil! She was better than that!

"So, what are you planning to do this vacation?"

The voice of her childhood friend snapped Sona out of those thoughts, prompting her expression of anger to disappear. She took a moment to recompose herself before turning around to address the redhead, who was sitting on her chair while balancing a pen on her nose.

"I already told you I'll be busy," Sona responded.

"Busy doing what?" Rias asked as the pen fell off to the ground. "Aw, damn it."

"You already know." Sona sighed. "Someone has to take care of Kuoh."

Rias would be too busy with her 'investigation' into what had happened with Gasper, while Akane would be out of Japan for the time being. Taking care of this town was her responsibility, more so now that the peace treaty had been signed.

She was determined not to disappoint her parents or Serafall. If she couldn't manage this tiny town, how could she possibly handle the greater responsibilities of the Sitri territory? Proving herself here was just the first step in fulfilling her family's legacy.

"In that state?"

Rias' question made Sona pause before she narrowed her eyes.

"And what is that supposed to mean?"

"Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying you can't do it. If anything, you're the most qualified out of the three of us. I'm not the best at doing paperwork, and Akane couldn't care less." Rias quickly clarifies. "But I'm not an idiot, Sona. I know you're not feeling very well."

Sona's annoyed expression was replaced with one of discomfort as she looked to the side, not wanting to make eye contact with Rias.

"It's nothing to be concerned about," Sona said.

"Like hell, it isn't." Rias scoffed before she sighed deeply. "It's okay if you want to take a break every once in a while, alright? No one's gonna think less of you for it."

"Taking breaks will fix nothing." Sona snapped. "It'll just make everything worse."

"So will staying here and banging your head against the wall." Rias smoothly deflected. "Look, I don't know what it is that's bothering you so much, and I'm sure you have no intention of telling me, as hurt as it makes me."

Sona opened her mouth to speak up but found herself at a loss for words. She knew she was correct. Sona realized she couldn't share her insecurities with Rias, Akane, or anyone else for that matter. Her struggles were hers alone to confront.

"But you know whatever it is you're doing right now isn't helping either, right?" The redhead asked. "This is only gonna make you more miserable."

Sona said nothing, turning around to face the window before sighing to herself. Rias was right, as much as she hated to admit it. Ignoring the problem wasn't helping, but what was Sona supposed to do? How was she able to combat this… feeling of inferiority?

Telling herself she'd do better next time was one thing, but her weakness had actual consequences. It had caused them real problems that no words of encouragement could fix. What if there wasn't a next time? What if, say, Kokabiel had succeeded in killing one of them? What if Akane had been kidnapped never to be seen again? How could Sona live with herself like this?

The thought of what she could have accomplished had she been a bit stronger drove her mad. And as she watched Akane effortlessly leave her behind in the dust during the tournament, it nearly convinced her that she was simply inferior. Unworthy. Weak.

Since then, her feelings and unreasonable resentment towards her dear friend had only intensified.

If Sona wasn't so pathetic, then…

"…Rias?"

"Yes?"

Sona hesitated.

"…What do you do when you feel like…" Sona exhaled. "…You're not good enough?"

"Oh." Rias paused before humming in thought. "Well, that's a bit embarrassing to ask."

"What?" Sona looked at her in confusion. "Why would it be?"

Rias giggled sheepishly.

"To be honest, whenever I feel that way, I end up venting to Sirzechs." She said. "He always knows what to say to make me feel better."

The Sitri devil took a moment to process Rias' answer, her eyes widening in realization. Of course, Serafall! Was Sona an idiot? Why didn't she think of that?

"I know it sounds stupid. Sounds exactly like what a spoiled princess would say." She said. "And it's probably not the answer you're looking for, but it does genuinely help."

"I see…"

"Sorry, I couldn't be much help."

"Not at all. I very much appreciate it." Sona nodded, smiling at her childhood friend. "Thank you, Rias."

"Don't mention it~" The redhead waved it off with a grin. "If you're going to Sera, tell her I said hi."

Sona nodded again, creating a magic circle before teleporting to the underworld right outside her sister's office. Serafall, the kind of person she is, immediately kicked the door open when she felt her little sister's presence, tackling Sona in a hug.

"Sona-tan~! I missed you so much~!"

"Let me breathe!" Sona choked, trying to push Serafall off. "What's wrong with you? I wasn't even here for five seconds yet."

"But-but I thought I was going to die! I thought I wouldn't see my adorable Sona-tan ever again!" Serafall sobbed. "It's all work, work, and more work! I was drowning in paperwork! It's horrible!"

Sona almost regretted taking Rias' advice as she reluctantly patted her older sister's head, who buried her face into Sona's chest. Sera was probably doing these theatrics as an excuse to escape work. She could be incredibly lazy sometimes.

Then again, this worked for Sona.

"How many times do I have to tell you to stop making a fool out of yourself in public…" Sona sighed.

"I'm sowwy~" She sniffed. "Ehe~ You smell good~"

"Enough." Sona scowled, kicking her away. "That's it. I'm leaving."

"Waitwaitwait! It was just a joke! A joke!" Serafall panicked. "Won't happen again. Ever. I promise."

Sona stared at her with narrowed eyes.

"Ahem." Serafall composed herself. "So, uh, what's with the visit? I mean, I'm not complaining since I love Sona-tan lots and lots. But I thought you were busy?"

Sona sighed again. This could be the biggest mistake she'd ever make, but it was better than sulking in misery.

"I know I've never asked you this before, but—"

Sona looked at her sister in the eyes and made her request.

"I want you to train me."





– Mizuki –

"Are you sure you're not coming with us?" Her daughter asked with her arms crossed. "You looked so into it when I told you the first time."

She was honestly very worried about her daughter leaving Japan without her. Even going to the underworld didn't make her feel as queasy because at least Mizuki was there with her. As well as Akiyama later on. This was different.

Despite the fact that there was nothing to worry about since Hawaii had little to no supernatural activity, Mizuki didn't like this one bit. She knew it was just her being a typical worried mother, but it didn't help that she was kind of busy herself.

Akane was right; Mizuki had intended to leave the country for vacation this year, and Hawaii sounded terrific. But after that invasion, she had a few things she needed to do and a lot of questions that she needed to get answers to.

That time when she'd thought her daughter had been kidnapped… all Mizuki could think about was what the Amon clan was doing to her. What kind of torture they were forcing her to go through. She was lucky that she had been let go without any complications. That Jo apparently wasn't as cruel as their father.

However, she had strong doubts about that. He must have done something, even though the scans she'd performed on her daughter while she slept showed nothing—no tracking chip or similar devices as if she'd remained completely untouched.

But more than that, Mizuki knew she couldn't keep this up. The seal on her magic was just one scare away from breaking. She had to go somewhere where she could release it safely. And with that power… she knew she could keep her daughter safe. In fact, had she been capable of accessing it during the invasion, she would've stopped them in seconds.

She was just a little nervous that said power would bring back some of her bloodthirst. If it was already that hard to keep a tight lid on those thoughts, then gods help her if she felt that urge again while drunk on power.

"To be honest, I wanted to visit your dad." She admitted. "It's… been a while. Someone has to take care of the grave."

"I thought some of the Omi Alliance yakuza already do that?" Akane blinked. "Despite him being a Tojo yakuza."

"Both organizations highly respected him." She said. "Regardless, I just wanted to say hi. Tell him all about the adventures you've been having. I'm sure he'd be very proud of you getting 100% at school."

Akane paused, then looked to the side with a conflicted frown.

"You're gonna make me feel bad for not coming along." She said with an uncharacteristically melancholic tone.

"Oh, Akane. It's nothing to feel bad about." Mizuki smiled gently, putting a hand over her daughter's cheek. "Tatsu will be right where he is when you come back. And I bet he'd love hearing about what you'll do in Hawaii."

Akane stared at her silently for a few moments, almost as if she were trying to read Mizuki's feelings.

"A part of me feels like you're hiding something."

"I'm—" Mizuki quickly stopped herself from lying, then shook her head with a sigh. "You're too sharp for your own good sometimes."

"Gotcha~" She smirked cheekily. "So?"

"It's just… something I have to do back home. Alone." She answered.

Her daughter, thankfully, didn't pry.

"Fine." She said. "Just make sure to follow us when you finish with your business."

"I'll try."

Akane nodded, then called out for the girl upstairs.

"Asia! Hurry up, or we're going to be late!"

"Coming!" The blond responded, going down the stairs with her bag. She paused as she saw her not-older sister, eyes glimmering in wonder. "Wow! You look so nice, Akane-san!"

"Naturally." Her daughter winked as Asia referred to her wardrobe change. "I'll look nice in anything I wear."

Forgoing her usual look of a button-down shirt and black pants, Akane wore a black crop top and blue jeans with her red jacket wrapped around her waist. She'd even tied her hair in a messy ponytail, a few locks covering the left side of her face, with the farthest ones reaching down to her neck.

"Oh really?" Mizuki grinned challengingly. "Then how about I buy you a few magical girl outfits to test that theory out?"

"Do it." Akane was unfazed as she opened the front door. "I'm not scared. I bet I'd even rock the magical girl look."

"Ohohoho! We shall see!" She chuckled, taking out her phone before scrolling through said outfits. "Remember, you said yes. You don't get to complain later."

"Whatever." Her daughter rolled her eyes as she and Asia left the house.

"What's a magical girl?" The blond asked curiously.

"Oh, uh… How do I explain this…" Akane hummed. "Okay, so they're basically—"

She shut the door behind them, leaving the giggling Mizuki alone as she ordered several magical girl outfits online. Red, blue, green, pink, yellow, black— all colors she could find. Oh, this was going to be great. She couldn't wait to see the embarrassed look on Akane's face when she volunteered (Read: was forced) to wear them.

Mizuki would probably die of cuteness-induced heart attack, but it would be so worth it.

She sighed, and slowly, her grin fell, replaced by a worried look. As soon as the car holding Akane and Asia drove off, she put her phone in her pocket and left the house. Another car was parked in front of her home, with a Tojo agent waiting for her.

She'd already spoken to Daigo about this. She was about to do something incredibly reckless, but she needed answers. Ever since Akane had talked about her encounter with her twin, Mizuki had tried to make sense of it, but she just couldn't.

"Just what the hell are you planning?" She spoke to herself softly.

She entered the car's backseat, and the agent quickly drove to the airport.

If she couldn't determine his intentions, her only option was to ask him directly.




– Akane –

Looking at the little fake ID in my hand, I can't help but chuckle. Akane Amamiya, a twenty-one years old college student who is legally allowed to do whatever the fuck she wants in Hawaii. Why would I have something like this? Because I want to have fun there. I want to drink, I want to gamble, I want fun. Who cares about age when I fucking killed monsters who can nuke entire cities?

I have fake IDs for everyone here besides the two devils since they're not the yakuza's responsibility. It's probably not the most responsible thing to do, but who gives a fuck, really? Like I said, I'm infinitely superior to regular humans. Why should I care about their silly little laws?

One could argue that if I thought that, then I wouldn't bother getting IDs, but I also don't want to get in too much trouble. Sure, if I really wanted to, I could just use force or my illusion magic to hypnotize low-level background characters to let me do whatever I wanted, but that wouldn't make the yakuza look favorably on me. Also, nobody knows about my illusion magic.

So I'll just break the law in another way. Thankfully, Majima was nice enough to do what I asked and forged the IDs. Why would a supposedly responsible adult like him do such a thing? Because he's the Mad Dog of Shimano. So he probably thought it would be funny.

God, this trip is going to be so fucking amazing. Even the base-building stuff is gonna be very fun. I can't wait~

"Holy shit, I've never been on a private jet before." Issei breathes in awe. "This is surreal."

"Bro, I've never been on a regular plane," Ichiban responds. "Imagine how I feel?"

"We're so high…" Koneko mutters as she looks out the window.

"We tend to teleport around the underworld and the human world, so we never saw the need to board a plane," Kiba says. "This is certainly a new experience for us as well."

"You should be thankful that you have someone generous like me around." I give them a grin. "Because there's more where that came from. You're about to enjoy the best trip of your lives."

"Oh fuck yeah. I'm sure of it." Ichiban says excitedly before glancing at the nun worriedly. "You okay there, Asia?"

I look at Asia, who is sitting next to me. Contrary to the rest of the group, she's having the worst time imaginable. Dizzy and airsick, she tries to keep her lunch where it belongs, prompting me to rub her back gently.

Poor thing.

"Oh, dear…" She exhales. "E-everything is spinning…"

"Hang in there," I tell her. "You'll get used to it eventually and feel better."

As pitiful as this is, I find it funny, considering her Sacred Gear is the healing one. Yet, she can't use Twilight Healing to cure her air sickness for some inexplicable reason. Why or how, I don't know. Is it incapable of healing unease? Is its healing strictly for physical injuries?

Or is this a special case? The best I can theorize is that her lack of concentration makes her unable to manifest the Sacred Gear. Maybe. I don't know. And I honestly don't care. I just find this amusingly ironic.

"I-I feel like—hrrk?!" She gags, putting a hand over her mouth.

I flinch and make some distance between us, grimacing in disgust as I hear her audibly swallowing.

"Oh god…" She mutters with wide eyes, on the verge of sobbing. "Please… make it end."

She rests her forehead on the table in front of us, one hand over her mouth and the other over her stomach. I hesitantly rub her back again, hoping she'll feel better because I don't need her throwing up right now.

"Um…" Ichi rubs his neck as he looks at me, almost as if he had sensed my distress. "You wanna switch places?"

I contemplate the offer, look at Issei, who is next to Ichiban, and then promptly decline.

"It's fine." I wave it off. "I'll take care of her."

5 Affection with Asia Argento! [75/100]

She's practically my little sister at this point. I guess it is my responsibility to take care of her. Or, well, until she outlives her usefulness.

-1 Affection with Issei Hyoudou [49/100]

Oh fuck off and cry about it.

Here's some new art. Her typical wear for this arc is from the art where she looks like a psycho, but this is her bikini.

I know certain freaks are especially happy about this one.

Spoiler: Akane
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 88 others
Mirlnir
Mar 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
18 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Sramon
 [NSFW] A Devil's Possibilities (DxD)
Sramon Tuesday at 21:43 Words: 21k 1 2 competent evil evil mc harem
Replies33
Views5K
Today at 12:14
AmnesiacPhoenix
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
501aris/N0ct15
[NSFW] Like a Dragon: Supernaturally Unpredictable(Yakuza/Highschool DxD)
501aris/N0ct15 Apr 12, 2026 Words: 9.3k cross posted from ao3 crossover harem (obviously for anyone who knows my works)
Replies13
Views2K
Apr 14, 2026
501aris/N0ct15
501aris/N0ct15
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] DxD: Like a Devil [DxD x Yakuza Fem Gamer]
 Thread starterMirlnir  Start dateNov 8, 2020  Tagscorruption of morals evil mc female protag gamer fic high school dxd high school dxd au manipulative main character multicross possible harem yakuza
Prev  
1
2
3
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks True Chapter 60: Hawaii New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Apr 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#984
Edited by Priapus, Marethyu




– Ichiban –

As they got out of the car, Ichi took in the sights of the place they'd be staying in for their vacation. A personal resort owned by Akane because the rich girl wasn't rich enough, apparently. But he wasn't complaining. While he'd be happy if she lost the attitude that came with it, he'd enjoy the benefits to his heart's content.

Although he still felt terrible that he was the one getting spoiled so much. That'd be fine on its own, but Ichiban had nothing worth giving back, being poor and all. Well, nothing besides his eternal servitude, that was.

Admittedly, he did feel kind of inadequate, though. Was it really fine to receive and never give?

"Wow, this is beautiful," Asia said in awe. "I never knew you had a place in Hawaii, Akane-san."

The resort's main building, while nowhere near as big as the one they'd stayed at during the tournament in the underworld, could still comfortably hold all six of them with ease. Surrounded by a small field of green grass, a large pool behind, and the beach right in front of it.

So even though Ichiban would love to spend most of his vacation in the nearest city, staying here to relax every once in a while was valid. Too much excitement could lead to exhaustion, after all, so having a resort like this to stay at sounded better than a hotel in Honolulu.

Granted, they wouldn't have anyone to fulfill that 5-star service for them, as they'd have to do all the cooking and cleaning themselves, but a private resort far away from other people was ultimately the more comfortable option.

"It's too humid," Koneko muttered in dissatisfaction, pulling at her yellow shirt. "And hot."

"Everywhere here is humid and hot, Koneko-chan," Kiba told her. "It's Hawaii in the summer. You'll have to get used to it, I think."

Koneko pouted but didn't complain anymore. Ichiban could relate— while he was enjoying the humidity at the moment, he knew it would get old very quickly, especially seeing as he was gonna be feeling like this the entire time they were in Hawaii. He just hoped the resort had good AC.

"Oh, quit it. You're on vacation in Hawaii with me. You'll have VIP treatment anywhere you go." Akane smirked, hands on her hips. "Get my and Asia's bags, Ichi."

"What? Why? You have your own dimensional storage—"

"Tsk tsk, that's not how you respond to me." She cut him off, wagging her finger at him. "What you should say is 'Anything for you, goddess!'. Then you offer me a foot rub or something like that. To show your devotion and eternal worship of the greatest person in the world. I demand nothing less than that, alright?"

Ichiban stared at her in silence before he sighed deeply. He could hear the amusement coming from the rest of the group as he did what he was told. He grabbed their bags, and while they didn't really weigh anything for him, it was still annoying.

"Um, it's okay, Ichi," Asia said as she stepped up to him, putting a hand on her bag. "I can carry it myself. You don't have to bother."

"Nah, it's fine." He waved it off as he smiled at her. "It's nothing really."

"Yeah, let him do his job." Akane giggled as she led the group toward the building. "C'mon, let's check out the inside."

With three large bags and two smaller ones in hand, Ichi was the last to enter the resort building. There was only a single floor here with a large living room, an open kitchen further back, and two separate bedrooms on the left and right sides of the entrance. It wasn't anything fancy on the inside, but it looked comfortable, and that's all that mattered.

"Yoo, this place is huge," Issei said with a huge grin, taking a seat on a couch facing a massive TV. "We're really gonna stay here for a whole month? This is awesome. Having rich friends is the best."

"It's nice in here. Not humid." Koneko nodded in agreement before stretching her arms and falling onto a sofa, melting on it and prompting a relaxed smile from her. "And it's so comfy~"

"Koneko-chan, we need to put our luggage away first," Kiba told her. "We can relax later."

"It's fine. We can stay here an hour or something before we go to Honolulu." Akane said. "Let her rest."

"Well… alright, if you say so." He nodded with a smile. "So, how will we split up the rooms? Who goes where?"

"Each room has two beds, so it'll be in pairs. Koneko can go with Asia, and you can share with Issei." She responded. "Ichi and I will stay together."

"Eh?" Ichiban blinked in surprise.

Of course, as 'goddess and servant' (Read: girlfriend and boyfriend), sharing a room together was natural, but he didn't expect her to blurt that out so suddenly. They hadn't even told the rest of the group that they were dating yet.

"After all, I'm required to have my bodyguard near me at all times." She explained with a shrug. "Annoying, but what can you do, right?"

Despite 'unintentionally' calling him annoying, Akane still threw him a sultry, knowing smirk that may or may not have made his face feel strangely hot. And it also may or may not have made him feel even more thrilled to be here.

This month was going to be the best thirty days of his life.

"Ah, I see. That does make sense." Kiba responded, his eyes flickering between them as his polite smile turned into one of amusement. "I don't mind sharing the room with Issei-san. Koneko-chan, are you fine being with Asia-chan?"

The short girl gave a thumbs-up from her seat as she was unwilling to move an inch, prompting the blond to smile.

"I am fine with Koneko-chan as well." She nodded.

"Aw man, really?" Issei complained. "I have to share a room with a dude?"

"No woman would trust you to be anywhere within ten kilometers of their vicinity, Issei," Akane responded with a brutal remark. "Be thankful you're in the same building."

Ichi couldn't help but grimace as Issei seemed like he wanted to curl up in a ball and cry his heart out. He didn't really deserve to be treated like this, but that was Akane for you.

On the other hand, Koneko snorted in amusement, prompting him to stand up and glare at her angrily.

"What's so funny, pipsqueak?!" Issei scowled.

"It's funny cuz it's true." She said with her usual blank tone.

"Wha— Seriously?!" He whined. "You too?! I dropped the pervert act ages ago! I redeemed myself already!"

As Issei continued to get bullied by a girl barely half his size, Kiba sighed to himself and addressed Ichi and Akane.

"I'll be in my room if you need me." He said, taking his bag with him.

"I'll be in mine, too, Akane-san," Asia said, taking her bag off Ichiban's hand. "Thank you so much for carrying my luggage, Ichi! You're so very kind."

And as the blond left, Ichiban quickly noticed Akane staring at him expectantly.

"What?"

"Wow, I have to spell that out for you too?" She asked rhetorically, giving him her annoying signature smirk. "You're too green, Ichi. So naive and ignorant."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Tsk, tsk. See, this is why you never had a girlfriend." She added with an exaggerated sigh. "Isn't it obvious?"

This time, Ichiban didn't say anything. He only stared at her with an annoyed frown as she kept testing his patience.

"I'll be merciful this time and tell you what I want." She continued. "Put my bags in my room right now."

"You could've just said that." He responded with a glare as they walked toward their room. "Why do you have to make it so complicated…"

"I'm not. You, as my boyfriend, must always know what I want." She said as she closed the door behind them. "As in, you must be able to read my expression and immediately do what I think you should do."

"Are you— how the fuck am I supposed to do that? I can't read your mind."

"Excuses!" She pointed at him with an accusation. "I will not tolerate laziness. Do your job, or you will be punished,"

"I didn't do anything to deserve a punishment."

"And that's exactly why you deserve it." She said with her smirk widening as if she'd flawlessly won the argument.

Ichiban was speechless— he genuinely had no answer to that. What the hell was wrong with her this time? What, did she feel extra sadistic today and just wanted an excuse to bully him for some reason?

Eventually, as his glare intensified, Akane broke out into a fit of laughter, quickly making him realize that she was just messing with him.

"You're such a bitch sometimes." He said with a sigh before he felt himself smiling as he set the bags aside. "You actually had me fooled."

"Haha, no way; how did you even fall for that?" She questioned, still giggling.

"It just sounds like something you'd do and say, alright?" He responded. "Make up something absurd and expect me to adhere to it knowing I can't just so you can make fun of me some more."

"Fair, fair." She sighed in contentment, throwing herself into the bed. "I guess I can be mean sometimes."

"Sometimes?" He glanced at her oddly.

"Most of the time." She corrected herself with a roll of her eyes before smirking at him. "But you still love me~"

Had it been any other time, Ichiban would've denied such a thing and told her to fuck herself. But now, as a teenager who was so hopelessly in love with this girl, he couldn't even try to do so.

"Better thank your lucky stars that I do…" He muttered in response as he looked away to avoid making eye contact with her.

In response, Akane giggled again and suddenly dragged him to be on top of her by pulling the ice chain that appeared around his arm out of nowhere. As she forced him to look at her sexy smirk, Ichiban couldn't help but lean forward for a kiss, which only made her even more smug.

"Don't you get it already?" She said, licking her lips after pushing him off a little. "Trying so hard to look strong and scary only makes you more adorable~"

"Shut up." He grunted, stealing another kiss as that smirk of hers grew three sizes.

Ichiban had always thought that he hated that arrogant look of hers. It had always annoyed him and made her look punchable.

He'd never thought he'd grow to love it.





– Akane –

Ah, Hawaii. As obnoxiously hot as ever.

Obviously, I knew what I was getting myself into when I decided to come here, of all places, but the sizzling heat still bothers me, and it doesn't help that I sweat easily. But because I'm of infinite intellect, all I had to do was not to feel miserable all the time was supercooling the air around my body. With ice magic rivaling that of Satan class, it was nothing to me.

And that's really the only negative aspect of this trip, so even if I wasn't as smart as I am, it's easily ignored because there are so many things here that can distract me. So after resting a little in the resort — and enjoying an intense make-out session with Ichi that nearly turned into something else — we took off to Honolulu, and even the ride there was fun. Cycling through our music tastes, enjoying the scenery, that kind of stuff.

Ichi took the wheels and was oddly insistent despite my offer of driving, but if he's that passionate about serving me, then who am I to argue? Doesn't hurt that he's good at driving, too. He even has a real driver's license somehow. I'm guessing the Yakuza got him one? That's convenient.

After parking somewhere, we decided to explore the city. Now, I've been here before, but I was very little at the time—I think around four or five—so I don't really remember Honolulu very much. It's about 7 p.m., so while the sun is setting right now, we still have a lot of time to enjoy ourselves.

Our first stop was, of course, the closest restaurant we could find because none of us had eaten since we woke up—a nice and popular steakhouse close to Waikiki Beach. A lovely view and good food. What else can you ask for?

"Oh man, I'm starving," Ichiban says, looking at the menu. "But I don't know what to pick."

"Whatever you want," I tell him. "I'm treating everyone here, so don't worry about the price."

"I can barely read any of this, but all the pictures look so damn good." Issei nearly drools.

"Oh, I can read it," Asia says, scooting closer to him. "Want me to translate it for you?"

I cross my arms in mild annoyance as I hear that.

"Really, Issei?" I huff. "All this studying for the exams, and you still can't read basic English?"

"Nope. I mean, look, I'm sure a genius like you can't relate, but everything I've studied?" He says, tapping his head. "Yeah, it's not in there anymore."

Seriously?

"Right?" Ichiban agrees with him, a stupid grin plastered on his face. "It's like your brain holds onto everything you've learned right until the exams are done. Then it all goes poof!"

"Are you kidding me?" I look at Ichiban. "So wait, we're going to have to go through all of this again? All of this fucking studying because you morons can't keep it in your head?"

"See? That's what I mean. You're too smart to relate to us." Issei points out, making a good point for the first time in his life. But because he's Issei, I'll ignore it. "Literally, most other students go through this exact same thing."

"Bullshit." I scoff, still looking at Ichiban. "You can recall every tiny detail about Dragon Quest lore just by reading it once, but Newton's Laws of Motion are too difficult to remember?"

"I like Dragon Quest." Ichiban shrugs. "I don't like Newton and his laws. That's just how it is."

"I refuse to believe that. You're messing with me." I say. No way this is a normal thing. "I never went through anything like it before."

"What, so your experience is the only thing that matters?" Ichi raises an eyebrow.

"Yes."

For a moment, the table remains silent until Ichiban snorts, looking at Issei in front of him.

"Gifted kids, am I right?" He says before addressing me. "You just can't relate to us people of average intellect."

"'Average'." I chuckle.

"First of all, fuck you." He responds. "Second, if you really don't believe us, you can ask Kiba and Koneko."

I blink and then glance at them. As they notice my stares, they look away a little nervously.

"Well, there is some merit to their words…" Kiba nods.

"Too much useless knowledge for my brain to bear." Koneko agrees.

"Wow." I can't help but shake my head in disappointment at that. "So you're all just that useless, huh? But that's on me. I shouldn't have expected anything from you, idiots. Except for Asia, of course. I'm sure if she went to school, she'd do better than all of you by lightyears."

The blond beams at my compliment.

"Yeah, yeah…" Ichi rolls his eyes before closing the menu. "Anyway, I'm taking the double bacon cheeseburger."

"Me too." Issei nods. "It looks so damn good…"

That's so boring. But I guess burgers in the US are always going to be different from the ones we have in Japan. Maybe they want that authentic experience.

"Coconut shrimp with fries for me," Kiba says.

"Um, I think I'd like the grilled salmon if that's okay," Asia adds.

"Of course, it's okay." I smile at her before glancing at the menu.

I can be boring and pick the A5 Wagyu steak, but we have a lot of it back home. I'm not a picky eater, and I like trying out new things, so I want something I don't usually find in Japan. Or I guess something I don't eat very often.

I look through the menu a few times, thinking their Hawaiian-style fish tacos sound delicious. I guess that works. I can try out traditional Hawaiian cuisine later. Right now, I just want to eat something.

As I find my order, I feel Koneko poking my side, prompting me to look at her as she's pointing at hers.

"Can I have this?" She asks innocently as my eyebrows shoot up in surprise.

"T-the fifty-ounce tomahawk steak?" I say to make sure. At her hum, I whip my head at her. "Are you sure you can eat all of that?"

She nods again.

…Fuck it, I'm curious. I wanna see if she can.

"You know what, yeah, sure," I say, making her eyes twinkle in excitement. "Everyone got their orders?"

As everyone confirms, I look around for a waitress. Once she sees me, she smiles and heads to our table. However, moments before she arrives, I spot a face that looks oddly familiar on a table in the interior of the restaurant, looking at me weirdly. It's a black-haired girl wearing sunglasses, a dark purple blouse, and tight black shorts.

The moment she spots my gaze, she looks back at her phone, gets up from her seat, and walks toward the exit in an attempt to hide away from me, making my eyes narrow suspiciously. She was definitely looking at me just now, wasn't she? In recognition, too. And I feel like I know her, too, for some reason.

Before I can use Observe to check out who the girl is, the waitress gets in front of me, cutting my train of thought.

"Hey there! Ready to order?" The waitress says politely.

I blink and try to look behind her, but the girl has already left, making me frown in mild annoyance.

…Eh, whatever. It's probably nothing important. If it was, I'd notice it. Familiar girl or not, it's as if she felt like she was dangerous. Besides, what are the odds of us running into trouble here? We're on an island where none of the main story events take place.

On the off chance something does happen, we're more than tough enough to handle it. I mean, come on, there's barely anyone in the world that can fight me on equal footing. I proved it during the tournament finals.

To be honest, I'm just too hungry to care right now.

"Uh, yeah." I nod. "For appetizers—"

"Oh wait, hold on, I'm changing what I want," Issei says, flipping through the menu.

God fucking damn it, Issei.





– Rias –

She'd known that something like this wasn't going to be easy to properly investigate. With this being a nonsensical situation to begin with and with so much conflicting information, Rias was starting to think that this might be a lost cause just minutes into her investigation.

She wasn't left with any clues. Not even a crumb that would lead her in the right direction. Everything she'd noted down thus far was just speculation of what might've happened, but nothing that could explain what had actually happened.

Honestly, it was starting to get frustrating. Rias trusted Gasper. She truly did. That's why she'd refused to give up despite having quite literally nothing to work with besides the words from her Bishop, even though her own mother had told her to quit it and instead punish the boy for what he did.

And honestly, Rias had no reason to listen to her. Not when that same mother was the one who forced her into that stupid marriage against her own will. In fact, Venelana was still scolding her for not 'swallowing her pride' and marrying Riser.

Why would she ever do anything for that bitch? Venelana could call her an ungrateful brat all she wanted, but Rias wouldn't let her steal her future for the sake of their family. What an incredibly selfish thing to do as a parent.

Rias sighed to herself and shook her head.

But she digressed. What mattered to her right now was finding out what the hell had happened that day because she was now sure that Gasper didn't have schizophrenia or something like that. Anxious as he might be, why would he suddenly turn schizophrenic?

Unfortunately, that little nugget of information did not get her any closer to the real reason. Why had he suddenly lost control and attacked Akane despite her being very kind to him? Yeah, sure, Akane probably didn't mean most of the things she said that time, but Gasper wouldn't know that. Hell, Rias had believed her at the time but remembered later that Akane was too harsh and bossy to say any of these things.

If Akane were 100% herself with Gasper, she'd say something like, 'The time in solitude and darkness is over, vampire! Come out and worship your goddess!' before physically dragging him outside, kicking and screaming.

Naturally, that wouldn't work either, but that would have been the accurate Akane response had they not told her about Gasper's anxiety problems. Or maybe Rias was exaggerating. The whole goddess thing was a little more recent.

"Have you found anything, Akeno?" Rias asked, glancing at her Queen.

The only one who'd insisted on staying here with her. Naturally, all her peerage were worried about Gasper, Koneko especially, but Rias had convinced her and Kiba to enjoy their vacation in Hawaii as the Gremory heiress was prepared to lead this investigation on her own.

She didn't want to trouble them after they'd helped her so much this year, from Riser to Kokabiel to the tournament. And yes, while they may have lost during the finals, she still found their performance to be fantastic. They honestly deserved a nice, long break.

Akeno had refused to go, however. At first, Rias thought it was because she didn't exactly like Akane that much to bother, and while that might be true to some extent, it was mostly to stay with Rias and help her out with her investigation.

Rias felt very grateful when it happened. She really was lucky to have a wonderful peerage like them.

"No." Akeno shook her head. "Nothing at all."

"Of course not…"

Rias sighed. Now, with summer vacation and a whole lot of free time for herself, Rias had decided to do a thorough investigation by first looking around in the place they'd had Gasper stay in. They'd left it as it was and told the yakuza not to touch it until they'd adequately examined the area.

All they did was make an illusory wall to show that the old school building was as it always used to be. In reality, a chunk of it was missing after Gasper's panic attack and his subsequent battle with Akane. The building was barely hanging on. Of course, the room where everything had started had also been left as it was.

So now that Rias was here, it was with great annoyance to say that she'd found nothing. Only faint traces of Gasper's Sacred Gear and magic lingered in the air. But that wasn't a clue. It told them nothing they didn't already know.

This was what she'd been worried about. She'd truly hoped they would be able to find something— anything that could help her explain what the hell happened. To prove that Gasper wasn't going crazy and to give him peace of mind.

Because the boy himself was convinced that Akane was some kind of big bully who'd told him to kill herself, which Rias had found absurd. True, Akane was a bully sometimes, but she only really 'bullied' jokingly. She'd never tell someone to kill themselves like that.

Well, okay, she did seem capable and very willing to say something horrible, but probably to enemies or something—not to Gasper, of all people. Yes, she was rude, inconsiderate, vicious, and very self-centered. Akane would most definitely call him an idiot or a weakling.

But she would also try to help him get over that weakness anyway. That was how she'd dealt with Rias back then.

That was how I found myself looking up to her. Rias thought to herself.

"Rias, I know this isn't what you want to hear," Akeno said after a moment of silence. "But maybe Gasper was imagining it?"

She glanced at her Queen, processing her words for a moment.

"That's impossible." Rias refused to even humor that thought. "He didn't imagine it. It did happen, and we're here to figure out how."

"Rias—"

"We have to trust Gasper, Akeno. It's our responsibility." The Gremory heiress insisted. "And I don't care how long this takes me. I will find out what really happened here."

Her Queen remained quiet for a moment before she started giggling.

"Stubborn as ever~" She said before guilt flashed in her expression. "Sorry. I didn't mean anything when I said that."

"It's just that what we're doing feels pointless… is that what you're thinking?" Rias guessed. At her Queen's frown, she giggled. "Oh, I know how it feels. It does look pretty pointless right now. I mean, we've not found any clues despite us staying here for about two hours now. But the thing is, Akeno…"

She scanned the room— Every nook and cranny had nothing to hide; that much was true. This was probably why Akeno felt the way she did.

"…What we're looking for is in this very room," Rias added. "I'm 100% convinced. Maybe we're not finding anything here because we're not good enough to find it."

Akeno paused.

"What do you mean?"

Rias grinned and, instead of answering, decided to remain vague, thinking it made her look cool.

"Let's just say we need an extra pair of very experienced eyes." She said.

If this plan didn't work, then Rias might be convinced to drop this investigation, but she knew better.

After all, even if she hadn't found a clue, it was impossible to hide anything from the most outstanding devil scientist in history.





– Akane –

After enjoying a great meal at one of the better restaurants in Honolulu, we decided to take the rest of today slow since we had just come here, and, admittedly, we all still feel a little exhausted. So I put my plans of drinking until I pass out on hold, thinking it's probably better to do that tomorrow. I also delayed my plan of making the base I wanted. I honestly didn't feel like it.

So we'd just walked around, exploring the place at our leisure. We stopped by several cafes and had enough dessert until I felt like I was about to burst. Honestly, watching the midget eat that entire tomahawk steak by herself and still have room for sweets made me a little afraid of her. What the fuck is her stomach made of?

I'm not going to lie; it was entertaining to watch in a weird, gross way. I recorded the entire thing and sent it to Rias.

Spending a vacation here really was a great decision. But, of course, it was. I've never made a bad decision in my life.

From the glowing streets to the now-empty beach, as the sun had set about two hours ago, we stopped to watch the fire dancers do their thing. Obviously, watching something you know you can do effortlessly isn't really fun per se, but I view it like watching a well-trained dog doing tricks.

My smile turns upside down as I look behind me. It would've been a lot more entertaining if I didn't feel like I was being watched.

Ever since we left the restaurant, I felt like someone was following me. I don't know who or why, but it's been slowly getting on my nerves because I can't find them. I had to throw a few Spyders to search for the culprit, but so far, they haven't found anyone that looks suspicious in the crowds.

What's kind of worrying is that I feel them very close by.

One might say that this could be the yakuza just making sure I'm safe, but it's definitely not. I can tell when it's the yakuza, and while I don't exactly feel any malicious intent from this person, I don't trust it.

I growl to myself as I don't find them anywhere. It's someone that knows who we are, I'm sure of it. That's why they're not making a move right now— they're scared. And they should be, because I won't show mercy to anyone ruining my vacation.

These fucks better not piss me off.

They're in this crowd, that much I can tell. But who is it? I can use Observe on everyone standing here, but that sounds really annoying. There are like a hundred people. Having to go through each and every one of their stats will take too long.

I feel someone tugging at my shirt, making me look at Koneko whose expression sharpens, which tells me that she has the same thought. She takes a moment to try to sense where the presence is coming from, reminding me that, even though she's nowhere near the strongest in our group, she's still better than all of us when it comes to tracking because of her Senjutsu.

She's why Lucifer never materialized today.

Eventually, Koneko seemingly finds out who it is as she walks deeper into the crowd. This encourages me to follow her as she grabs the culprit by the arm and drags them away, prompting a pleased smile to tug at my lips.

Koneko shoves them away, and as I get a closer look at their face, I realize it is the girl from the restaurant. First, she scowls deeply at Koneko, but as she meets my gaze, she starts to panic, eyes widening in shock.

"You have five seconds to explain why you've been following me around the past few hours," I tell her. "Five—"

"W-w-wait! It's me!" She quickly says as she takes off her glasses. Her eyes are a dark shade of pink, but not quite purple. "You remember me, right?"

I frown in thought before my eyes widen in recognition. Surprisingly, yes. I do remember her, even without having to use Observe.

"You're…" I pause. "…What's your name again?"

"R-Raynare." She responds with a disappointed look, sad that I've forgotten her name for some odd reason. "You know, that Fallen Angel who formerly worked for Kokabiel?"

"Oh." I squint my eyes at her. "You're here to cause more problems, huh? Was one ass-kicking not enough?"

"Troublesome crows need to be taught a lesson," Koneko says, cracking her knuckles.

"What?! No! I'm not here to do anything bad!" She quickly explains herself. "I-I'm here on a vacation too!"

"Oh really?" I raise a brow.

"Y-yeah. It happened after I returned to the Grigori." She nodded. "When I reported back to Lord Azazel, he told me to take the next few months off. I've been in Hawaii weeks before you."

"Why would he do that? What did you do to warrant a vacation?"

"You're useless," Koneko nods, finishing my sentence for me.

Raynare flinches at our harsh words, but she doesn't try to argue.

"L-listen, I know what I did back then wasn't exactly… 'cool' of me." She says with a sigh. "But I've changed, alright? I've washed my hands of that kind of work. In fact, I'm not even part of any of the combat squads."

"Really now?" I hum. "Then why were you following me? What do you want?"

Raynare's face goes red as she looks down at her feet, making me blink in confusion. I recognize this kind of reaction, but I've never expected it from her of all people. Am I imagining it?

"T-the truth is…" She clears her throat, giving me a red magical marker from her pocket. "I was thinking… if you can maybe sign my shirt?"

Even Koneko seems taken aback by that, and so am I. Her? The dumbass bitch that tried to kill us?

"You want me to what?"

"Look, I'm a big fan, alright?" She admits with a squeak. "Ever since I got the news of you defeating that bastard Kokabiel. And seeing you in that tournament, I just knew you were something else. I was enchanted."

I'm still in disbelief, so just to check, I use Observe on her regardless. Lo and behold, her 'Thoughts about you' section is saying she was a massive fan of me. No ulterior motives or anything like that. In fact, her REP is maxed, and her AFF is at 75.

What the fuck? I don't remember maxing out her REP. I never got the notification.

Koneko and I look at each other for a moment, neither of us knowing how to react before I decide to humor her request. I mean, I should expect to have a lot of fans, right? Why should this come as a surprise? The tournament was live-streamed to the entire supernatural world…

"Sure, whatever," I say, taking her weird magical marker. "Where do you want me to—"

"Anywhere!" She responds, her expression brightening up as I write my signature on her chest. The writing glows for a moment before permanently etching itself onto her shirt. "Oh, thank you so much, Lady Akane!"

I pause at suddenly being called 'Lady' before I smirk. Oh, I like this~

"Sure, sure. Anything for my fans~" I give her the marker back. "Have a good night, Ray. And you better not get into more trouble."

"Yes, ma'am!" She gives me a deep bow before walking away with a wave. "Have a nice vacation!"

Once she's out of view, I notice Koneko's judging stare.

"Being popular, am I right?" I snort.

"So vain." She mutters with a shake of her head, returning to watch the fire dancers.

You know, as troublesome as she is, I am starting to like her. Anyway, now that's taken care of…

I frown.

Why do I feel like I'm still being watched?




– ??? –

Observing the group of Japanese kids from afar, he couldn't help but sigh. Of all the vacation spots, was Hawaii really their best choice? Seriously? It was hard to believe the Amamiya girl and her friends were here…

His job now seemed significantly more complicated with their presence. He really didn't need a bunch of kids interfering in a mission this serious.

He was well aware of how formidable these kids could be. He'd heard stories of them overcoming Kokabiel and had even watched the live-streamed ratings games himself. They were not your average kids— if they got involved, preventing them from getting hurt would be the least of his concerns. He knew their involvement would only complicate things further.

Plus, if anything happened to the Amamiya girl due to this 'conspiracy'...

This situation could turn dire. He was currently the only undercover agent in Hawaii because they wanted to keep the Overseer from noticing anything unusual. With these kids around, they'd have to be excessively cautious, jeopardizing his mission to eliminate the threat in Hawaii.

The notion of recruiting them briefly crossed his mind. Given that not many humans recognized them, they could make effective undercover agents. But he quickly dismissed that idea; it would infuriate the Yakuza and possibly cause a rift between them.

"Damn it…" Magnus Rose grunted.

From confronting a lunatic trying to awaken an ancient goddess to now having to deal with a couple of kids capable of annihilating entire nations single-handedly.

What a shitshow.
Just dropped a fat 10k chapter on patreon. check it out
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 84 others
Mirlnir
Apr 1, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 61: Sisterhood
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Apr 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#992
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Serafall –

Contrary to what some believed, despite knowing the importance of her job, Serafall hated it with all her heart. She hated having to wake up early in the morning, she hated to sign one gorillion papers a day, she hated running around trying to maintain good relationships with other factions, and she hated how little free time she was left with.

Even 'Little' was an exaggeration of how much she had. In reality, on a day-to-day basis, Serafall didn't even have a minute for herself. She had only a couple of hours of sleep that she couldn't use for anything else because she was obligated to do her job for as long as she was awake.

This was torture. Serafall didn't want to work day in and day out. How else was she supposed to actually live? Because whatever this was, it wasn't living. She'd go complain to Sirzechs if he weren't also swamped with work.

That was how it had always been for them. From the end of the Civil War to now. Even the treaty with the yakuza hadn't made things easier for them— well, it had for a bit, at least in a way where she didn't have to walk on eggshells around them, but the treaty was actually more work.

And with the idiotic Old Satans invading them during one of their few moments of respite, causing way too many problems, Serafall felt like she was about to implode. Was this hell? Would this suffering ever end?

But ultimately, Serafall knew that it was beneath her. That, just like always, she'd come on top and conquer the evil mountain of paperwork. After all, this was nothing to her, the most Magical Girl that had ever Magical Girl'd. And besides, none of that pain came close to her worst nightmare. The foulest torture someone like her could ever go through.

"What?" Her beloved sister asked as they stood in the Sitri estate's courtyard, wearing their training tracksuits. "Why are you smiling like that?"

"I'm just happy that I finally get to spend time with Sona-tan." Serafall giggled. "I missed you so much~"

Indeed. Serafall could handle ten times the amount of paperwork she had been doing these past few weeks, but being unable to see Sona-tan? It was unbearable. Miserable. Pure despair. Why even live at that point?

When her sister had shown up outside her office, Serafall had been immensely confused. For a moment, she'd been worried that Sona was hurt or something, but she felt healthy. Why would she come here if she wasn't in trouble? Her sister took care of herself just fine in Kuoh, and she'd made that explicitly clear.

Then, Serafall remembered that they were just done with the first term. Perhaps she'd come here to spend the vacation in the Underworld? That was a little weird. She'd thought for sure that Sona would rather spend it in the human world with her friends, as jealous as it made the Leviathan.

Regardless of her reasons, Serafall had quickly realized that this was her free get-out-of-work card, so she pounced on her beloved sister before she could go anywhere. Finally, to spend a whole day with Sona-tan… Even a minute was enough to rejuvenate Serafall.

But when Sona told her why she was back in the underworld, Serafall became very surprised. Training? Sona wanted to train? Her bookworm of a sister wanted to exercise with her Onee-chan? This was much better than she'd imagined. They weren't just hanging out but also doing a fun activity together!

Back then, when Sona was little, she had never wanted to train. She even stopped practicing right after her twelfth birthday. Besides the basics, Sona had never bothered to actually train properly, and it was not out of laziness or anything like that. She'd simply been uninterested.

After all, she'd never cared about being a combatant, nor did she care about Rating Games like Rias, so she focused a lot more on knowledge and politics. This was why Serafall had felt immensely surprised and proud of Sona's performance during the tournament.

And it confirmed her suspicions; even though Serafall had been born with a mutated clan trait, Sona had also been born with immense potential. Potential that surpassed every Sitri before her. To be able to reach the level of an Ultimate-class devil in just mere months… She was one of a kind.

However, in all honesty, that was the case with many kids in this generation: Rias, Sona, their peerages, and even Emo-chan and Shrublord.

She didn't know why Sona wanted to train or where this resolve even came from, but Serafall wasn't going to complain. If her sister wanted to train, then this was a genuine excuse to take a little time off work.

"Right…" Sona cleared her throat. "So what should we work on first? I suggest a simple spar. It would help you gauge my power level."

"Tsk tsk, you're too eager, Sona-tan. A spar with me? Heh, it's too early for that." Serafall responded, proudly puffing her chest and putting her hands on her hips. "We'll start with something simple. Something basic."

Sona looked like she wanted to argue, but she relented and sighed reluctantly.

"Well, alright." She said, crossing her arms. "I suppose that makes sense."

"Uh-huh. Indeed, it does. So!" Serafall pointed at her little sister. "For your first exercise, I want you to take twenty laps around this courtyard, but with a twist!"

Serafall leaned closer to Sona, creating an ice chain and ball strapped to her waist.

"What is this?" Sona blinked. She then frowned as she struggled to pull the ice construct. "What the— how come it's so heavy?"

"Hehehe! I'm a master cryomancer, Sona-tan. I can change the weight and mass of my spells on command. I'm not like Emo-chan, who only knows how to put more magic behind her spells." She explained, throwing her head back with boisterous laughter. "Mwahahaha! I, Magical Girl Serafall-chan, am the superior ice slinger!"

"That's incredible." Sona-tan was amazed. "I never knew you could do that. The level of concentration you'd need to do such a thing is unfathomable."

Serafall shuffled around as a giggle left her, adoring the praise she was receiving from Sona.

"Aw, it's nothing really. Just takes a lot of practice and experience. Lots of other masters can do it, too." Serafall said. "Actually, Sona-tan, if you take those twenty laps in less than ten minutes, I'll tell you the secret of my ice magic."

"Secret?" Sona blinked. "What do you mean?"

"Hehehe…" Serafall snickered as she got close to her sister, whispering her next words. "The thing is, my ice magic isn't really ice magic. Not in the traditional sense, at least."

Her little sister looked puzzled, but before she could ask, Serafall clapped with her hands.

"Chop chop!" She said. "Your ten minutes start now!"

Startled, Sona sprinted across the courtyard with surprising agility. Serafall watched in awe as she navigated the rough ground effortlessly, pulling the heavy ice sphere behind her. Each stride left a trail of ruined grass, leaving a trail of destruction in her wake.

"Oooh…" Serafall hissed with a grimace. "Mom isn't gonna be happy about this…"

She had not thought this through. But it was fine. Their parents would probably understand. After all, this was very important business. Training her little sister, that was. Besides, they were still 'high' from Sona winning the tournament, so they'd excuse whatever she did for the next ten years.

Watching Sona continue with her first exercise, Serafall had to admit that she was doing so much better than she had expected. Demonic power was one thing, but to have the stamina and endurance to run around with about five hundred tonnes strapped on her? Someone who barely ever exercises?

Serafall was aware that her little sister had trained during her time in Kuoh with her human friends, but whatever training they'd gone through must've been hellish if it made even Sona this capable. High-class or not, before her time on Earth, Sona hadn't been fit at all.

And in just under 8 minutes, Sona finished her twentieth lap as she gasped in exhaustion, bending her back forward as she caught her breath. She wiped the sweat off her brow as Serafall approached her with a wide grin.

"Wow, Sona-tan has gotten so fit!" She said. "I'm so proud of you!"

For some odd reason, when Sera expected her to smile back and give her an adorable reaction, Sona frowned, a hint of frustration flashing across her face, before she sighed.

"I did it." She responded, looking at her older sister. "Now, what's this secret you were speaking of?"

"Oh, um, yeah." Serafall blinked. She then cleared her throat as her grin returned. "Hehe, watch closely, Sona-tan. I'll cast a simple spell, and I want you to tell me if you notice anything weird about it."

As Sona nodded, Serafall used her clan trait to create a small icicle and shot it forward. Her little sister blinked, her frown deepening and turning into one of confusion. Naturally, she hadn't noticed anything out of the ordinary.

"So?" Serafall asked, knowing the answer already.

"…Do it again, please."

"Aye, aye."

Serafall cast another icicle. She used the exact same amount of energy, created the exact same icicle, and shot it in the exact same direction. And once again, Sona didn't notice anything. However, instead of growing frustrated, her beloved sister only focused more, her gaze sharpening as she spoke again.

"Once more."

Serafall giggled and did as such, knowing her little sister wouldn't notice it the third time. This was a technique that only she and the rest of the Satans knew, as the rest of the world misunderstood— the real mutation of her clan trait. It wasn't just simply ice magic—

"You can control the temperature of your water magic." Sona suddenly said, her eyes going wide in realization. "You're not conjuring ice— you're supercooling your water spells at such an absurd speed that it looks like you're casting ice magic."

"Eh?" Serafall blinked in surprise. "Wait, you've figured it out?! Just from seeing it?!"

She was shocked. Of course, she knew not to underestimate Sona— her little sister was a genius, after all. But she'd never expected that someone this inexperienced would understand the trick to her mutation clan trait. Was she even more talented than Serafall had initially expected?

And here she was, ready to be all smug as she explained what nearly no one knew and passed her secrets to Sona. Now, Serafall felt very uncool. She was very proud of her little sister, however. She never thought she'd figure it out so quickly.

"Since when were you able to do that? How can you even do that?" Sona questioned. "Changing the mass and weight of your spells is one thing, but controlling the temperature of water magic is on an entirely different level! Doing those two in tandem is impossible!"

"Erm, well— I-I mean, mwahaha! I told you that Magical Girl Serafall-chan is the best~" Sera puffed her chest, getting over her surprise. "But, well, that's how it works. For me, supercooling my spells came as naturally as breathing ever since I was a little girl. In fact, it's so natural to me that casting regular water spells becomes really difficult."

Well, not entirely. While yes, it was much easier for Serafall to supercool her spells compared to most, she still struggled a lot with it. It wasn't until the Civil War that she'd learned how to master it… and subsequently became unable to cast regular water spells without great effort.

At some point, she realized that this process was affected by something else. Something that never aligned with how Demonic Magic functioned. It was closer to Emo-chan's Shin Youjutsu than anything demonic.

Serafall had seen many of her friends die during the Civil War. She'd seen innumerable needless casualties and countless broken families. The depression Sirzechs went through after the deaths of his students. All of which fueled her fury toward the Old Satans.

Unforgiving, icy fury that froze her spells the instant they were cast.

"I see… So that's how your mutated clan trait actually works on a fundamental level." Sona hummed. "That's very fascinating. But how you implied it just now makes me think you can't superheat your spells."

"Oh, no. That's impossible for me." Serafall shook her head. "I mean, I can barely cast normal water spells. Superheating them would be like trying to breathe through my eyes or something. I can't do that."

"So it's not outright temperature control. Yes, that would line up with what I've seen and read." Sona nodded. "After all, I've never seen you cast vapor spells before. Do our parents know, by the way?"

"Nope. They still think it's ice magic, and I don't trust those blabbermouths with the knowledge. The less that know about it, the better." The older sister shrugged. "The only ones that know are my fellow New Satans and, well, you."

"I suppose that makes sense." She responded. "Then, can you teach me how you do it?"

"Eeeh, I dunno. Like I said, I could do it so easily because I was born with it." Serafall clarified while nervously scratching her cheek. "If I weren't, I'd doubt I'd be able to, even today."

"Give me a chance." Sona insisted with a frown. "You've seen what I can do during the tournament. With your guidance, I'm sure I can figure it out."

"Sona-tan—"

"Please, Serafall." Her little sister begged, surprising Serafall greatly. "You have to teach me— I need this."

Serafall hesitated. As talented as her sister was, something like this was way, way beyond her. As she'd told Sona, the only reason Sera had been capable of doing this was due to her mutated clan trait and the nightmare she'd been forced to go through during the Civil War.

While certainly not impossible for Sona to do, it would take her decades of intense training to grasp, much less master. And neither of them had the time.

"Ehe, um, but wouldn't it be weird?" Serafall chuckled nervously, trying to look for an excuse to say no. "I-I mean, it'd feel like you're copying Emo-chan, right?"

Sona's eyes widened as she heard that, before a scary scowl took over her face.

"Don't you DARE compare me to her." She growled angrily, making Serafall flinch. She then sighed in frustration. "Are you going to teach me or not?"

"O-okay, okay! I'll try to, anyway." Sera relented as she backed away a little, slightly intimidated by Sona's bizarre behavior. She was used to the girl getting annoyed by her antics, but this felt… different. "But because it's an advanced technique, we'll have to go over the basics first. Deal?"

Sona took a moment to think this over, clearly not liking the compromise, before reluctantly agreeing.

"Very well." She said.

"Great!" Serafall nodded, getting back to her cheerful persona. "Alright, how about another twenty laps? Then we can do other exercises like push-ups 'n stuff."

Sona sighed again and restarted her exercise, running across the courtyard with the heavy ice ball still attached to her waist. Sera knew agreeing to this had been a bad idea, but she'd admittedly panicked and had no idea how to respond.

Sona's angry look surprised her. She had never seen her beloved sister make that face before. Had something happened, and Serafall hadn't noticed? At first, when she'd asked to be trained, Serafall had thought it was because she understood that strength was necessary if she wanted to be respected by devils.

Being high-class wouldn't be enough anymore, with each generation becoming more powerful than the last. But now, Serafall wasn't sure that was the case.

At least I bought myself some time to figure something out. She thought to herself, worriedly observing her sister. …I hope she's feeling okay.

Suddenly, Serafall didn't find the prospect of training Sona so appealing anymore.


– Ichiban –

"What about this one?" Akane asked as she turned around, showing him a strapless purple dress she had picked. "What do you think?"

Ichiban, increasingly irritated as he struggled to carry a billion bags in his only two hands, sighed to himself deeply. When they'd woken up today, Ichi had been looking forward to exploring the rest of Honolulu. Yesterday, they'd been too tired to do anything besides having dinner and a little sightseeing.

But before he could even make a suggestion, Akane had quickly dragged them all to the mall, demanding to go on a shopping spree before 'the good stuff gets sold out.' Of course, none of them had a say in the matter. If she wanted something, she got it. His girlfriend was spoiled rotten.

Ichi didn't particularly mind visiting the mall, as he knew she would want to do this at some point during their stay, but for Akane to force him to carry everything she bought? Her, a princess with infinite wealth? Had he been a normal guy, he may have perished.

And even with his super strength, carrying so many things wasn't easy. It wasn't a weight issue, of course, but moving around with ten thousand bags in each hand was exhausting. Knowing about her not-inventory only made everything worse because now he was certain she was doing this to test his patience.

It didn't help that Kiba, Issei, and Koneko had made a speedy exit when she wasn't paying attention, so he didn't have anyone to help ease the burden. It was just him as a glorified pack mule while Akane and Asia went into every single store that caught their attention.

"I think it would look good on you." He answered.

"Of course, it would look good on me, dumbass. Everything looks good on me." She rolled her eyes with a scoff. "It's me."

"Why the hell would you ask for my opinion then?" He scowled. "What do you want me to say?"

The annoying way she acted didn't make it easy for him. Ichi knew he was playing right into her hands as she loved his disgruntled reactions, but she truly knew his buttons like the back of her hand.

"I don't know; a little more feedback than 'it looks nice' would be a good start." She shrugged. "Like, yeah, it's good, but why is it good?"

Ichiban wanted to tell her to stop being so demanding, but then sighed and decided to humor her for now. He knew she was just trying to fish for praise, and he thought maybe giving her what she wanted would make her hurry up. Hopefully.

"I think it complements your eyes." He said. "Purple pairs well with red."

"Ooh…" She glanced at her dress before looking at her reflection in a nearby mirror. Akane then giggled to herself. "See? That wasn't so hard now, was it? If anything, I'd say you're a natural."

"Why am I even here?" He complained. "You don't need me following you around everywhere."

"But if you're not around, then who will protect me from depraved men trying to pick me up?" She pointed out, giving him a smirk. "You don't want that to happen, do you?"

Despite her being strong enough to bench-press a literal building, thus able to protect herself just fine, she was still right. He'd hate it if anyone tried to lay a finger on her. Maybe it was the draconic possessiveness Ddraig had once talked about, or maybe this was normal. Honestly, he wasn't sure. He'd never dated anyone before to be able to recognize this feeling.

And Ichiban had to admit, even though she was probably messing around, he liked being relied on that way, not as a bodyguard but as a boyfriend. Seriously, how did he score her, of all people?

"…I guess you're right." He sighed. "Can you hurry up, though? I'm getting really hungry."

Before she could respond, Asia skipped toward her with several different outfits in her hands.

"Akane-san, what do you think works better with this?" She asked, raising a white sweater. "I was going to pick the black skirt at first, but the blue jeans look lovely too. I can't decide."

"Then don't." Akane snorted. "Pick them both."

"Really?" Asia's green eyes sparkled in excitement. "Is that okay?"

"Of course it is. Take whatever you want."

"Thank you so much, Akane-san!" The blond beamed, suddenly going for a hug. "You're the best!"

While not uncomfortable with sudden physical contact—seemingly used to it from her mother—Akane looked visibly startled for a moment, showing a rare expression that told him she was not sure what to do. But she quickly recovered as she returned the embrace.

"You bet I am~," Akane said. "You got everything you wanted?"

"Yup!" Asia nodded as she backed off a little. Then, her eyes widened as she remembered something. "Oh, right, I almost forgot to get something for Mizuki-san. Do you know what she likes?"

"Plain T-shirts, mostly." She responded. "Don't take too long, alright?"

"Okay." She nodded.

Watching this strange but adorable scene happening in front of him, Ichiban couldn't help but smile. There really was something different about the way Akane treated the nun. He'd noticed it a while back, but this just confirmed it.

As Asia walked away, Akane sighed. His girlfriend then noticed his stare, which made her tilt her head.

"What?"

"No, it's nothing," Ichi observed Asia looking for a gift for Mizuki. "So, is this the last place? Please tell me it is."

"Nope." She giggled. "I was thinking about getting new sneakers, and we did pass by a cool-looking store."

Ichiban groaned, his shoulders slumping forward.

"It won't take too long, I promise."

"You said that in every single store we went into." He complained. "Please, we're staying here for a month. We can do the rest of your shopping later. I'm so sick of walking around with these bags."

"Oh, stop being a baby," Akane said before pausing. "…Though, I guess you do deserve a reward for putting up with me for this long. Fine, go wait for me on one of the benches outside. I'll finish up here, and then we can get you something nice. I can order new sneakers online anyway."

"Hah. Finally." He sighed. "Freedom."

Akane giggled again as she playfully shoved him.

With her permission, Ichi left the store and sat on the closest bench he could find, setting the bags aside before breathing a sigh of relief. He truly hoped they wouldn't go through this again. This shopping spree was enough to last him several lifetimes. He'd never expected Akane to be into fashion this much.

At the very least, she did seem to be enjoying herself a lot.

Ichiban took out his phone, wanting to pass the time. He was sure her promise of not taking long would never be fulfilled, so he might as well entertain himself until they were out of the store.

He kept watch, however, occasionally looking up from the phone's screen to see if they were done. As expected, Akane was quickly distracted by another dress. Ichiban rubbed the bridge of his nose in frustration and exasperation.

Their lunch better be at a three-Michelin-star restaurant.

"Ichi."

"Hm?" He blinked, his attention drawn to the feminine blank tone of Rias' Rook. "Oh, Koneko. Where have you been?"

The devil girl, wearing a yellow off-shoulder shirt, white skirt, and sandals, stood in front of him, holding two cones of ice cream, one vanilla and one chocolate. He was sure she'd been somewhere with Issei and Kiba, but he couldn't see them anywhere.

"Taking a walk." She answered, offering a cone. "Which one do you want?"

"Ah. I like vanilla more."

Koneko blinked, glanced at the dessert, then back at him.

"Wrong." She disagreed, giving him the chocolate ice cream.

"Why would you even—" Ichiban stopped himself from making a scene and took the cone. "Thanks."

"Mhm."

Koneko then sat next to him, enjoying the soft-served treat in silence. Ichi scanned the mall for the rest of the group again. Had they split up?

"So where's Issei and Kiba?"

She shrugged.

"How'd you find me so quick?"

"I followed the draconic presence." She answered.

"Right. Makes sense." He nodded, scratching his head. "You're real good at tracking. I was lowering my energy the whole time."

"You're too strong. That's why." Koneko told him. "Ice Queen, too. But she's harder to sense. She's very skilled."

"That's a one-in-a-million talent for you." He responded. To think it had only taken them a few months to reach this level. And she didn't even have a Sacred Gear.. "So what are you doing here? I'm surprised you didn't go with the girls. I mean, there are a lot of stores."

"I don't like shopping." She said before frowning. "…Rias made me hate it. She dragged me to so many stores looking for 'cute clothes.' She doesn't even wear half of the clothes she buys."

"Right?" He grinned. "It's like they're never satisfied."

"Spoiled princesses with too much money and free time." She agreed.

"Always expecting you to carry their things," Ichiban added. "From store to store. For hours."

"It's annoying." She huffed before smiling. "But it's fine. I like Rias. She's not the most elegant, always brash and demanding, but she's very kind, too."

"She is." Ichiban agreed, feeling curious. "How'd you meet her?"

Koneko visibly hesitated, making him realize that he may have accidentally asked something personal.

"You don't have to answer if you don't want to." He quickly added.

"I don't mind. You're my friend, too." She shook her head. Koneko paused for a moment before she spoke again. "A long time ago, I used to be a servant to a devil, the last of the Naberius pillar, with my sister."

"You have a sister?"

"Her name was Kuroka, and we are Nekoshou." She nodded. "Because her Senjutsu was strong, she was reincarnated as a devil and trained by our master, but then…"

He waited for her to finish.

"Senjutsu is really dangerous, and if you're not careful, it can drive you to insanity." She explained. "And one day, she… lost control and killed our master. I barely escaped from her, but other devils thought I was her accomplice and tried to hunt me down. It was Sirzechs-sama and Rias who saved me back then. They intervened and took me in."

"I'm so sorry, Koneko. I didn't know." He said, offering his condolences. "God, losing so much so quickly— I can't imagine what you must've been through."

Although a single child, Ichi had someone whom he could call a brother, and he couldn't comprehend what it would be like to lose someone dear to him.

"It's okay. I'm over it." She waved it off, showing impressive composure as she smiled at him. "I was never happy back then, but now I have lots of friends like Rias and Ichi."

"Heh, I'm glad you feel this way." He responded, putting an arm around her shoulder. "Koneko is my good friend, too."

For some reason, Koneko flinched and her face slightly reddened at the physical contact, and when Ichiban noticed, he quickly backed off in case he had offended her. Personally, he was used to treating his friends like this, even Akane, before he started dating her. But other women may get the wrong idea.

"Oh, my bad." He apologized with a sheepish look. "I probably should've asked you if you're okay with that first."

"No, it's fine." She broke eye contact, her voice as toneless as ever. "You just surprised me."

"Right…"

For some reason, things became awkward in record time, and Ichi hoped that Akane had finished her shopping spree.

As if the gods had listened to his prayers, once Ichi looked at the store they had last been in, Akane and Asia emerged with several more bags, seemingly satisfied with what they had bought.

"See? Told you it won't take too long." She said, after taking more than thirty minutes. "Oh, and Koneko is here too. Where were you?"

"Taking a walk." She answered. "I saw Ichi here and stayed with him."

"Did you, now?" Akane's eyes flickered between her and Ichiban. "Well, think you can do me a favor really quick? Take our bags back to the resort and—"

"No." She declined with a frown.

"—I'll treat you to the best restaurants and cafes in Hawaii."

"Okay." Koneko's eyes shone as she stood up, her attitude changing at the mention of food.

The Nekoshou girl took all the bags Ichi was carrying, somehow managed to give Akane a salute, and quickly left the mall running. Even he was impressed with her speed.

"Wait, who's gonna drive her back to the resort?" He questioned. "Does she have a license?"

Akane looked at him incredulously as Asia blinked in confusion.

"She can fly." His girlfriend answered.

"Ah, yeah…" He cleared his throat as the blond giggled. "I forgot about that."

"Dumbass." Akane snorted. "Okay, Asia. You know where to meet us later, right?"

"Uh-huh." She nodded before walking away. "Have fun, you two."

"Huh?" Ichiban blinked. Before he could utter another word, Akane grabbed him by the hand and pulled him up from his seat, taking him somewhere. "Wait, where are we going? Don't tell me you're not done shopping."

"What, did you forget already?" She grinned at him cheekily. "I said you deserve a reward, didn't I?"

Ichiban remained silent. He had no idea what she had in mind, but a part of him was worried. What the hell was she scheming now? Was it another surprise shopping spree? At first, he'd expected his reward to be a nice lunch or something like that, and honestly, he would've been fine with it. He was hungry.

But as they went deeper into the mall, Ichi was starting to lose hope. Was she not satisfied? She'd already spent over fifty thousand dollars on fashion alone. Designer brand bullshit from every corner of the mall.

Ichi didn't pay much attention to where they were going until he noticed the lack of fashion stores and the abundance of electronics stores. Although he was still confused, even as they stopped before the place she wanted to take him.

"Uh…" He frowned in confusion. "A computer shop?"

"Yup." She nodded before she raised an eyebrow at him. "Why are you looking at me like that? Didn't you always talk about wanting to build a PC?"

"Eh?" Ichiban blinked. Then his eyes widened. "Waitwaitwait— don't tell me—"

"Go on." She smirked. "Pick whatever part you want, and we'll build it together at the resort."

"You're not joking, right?! I can take whatever I want?!" Ichi repeated what she said as he couldn't believe it. "You're serious?!"

"Well, now it would be too cruel if I weren't." She giggled, seemingly loving his reaction as she pulled him toward the store. "Come on, let's make you the best PC ever."

"Hahaha! Holy crap, you're the best!" He laughed, giving her the biggest grin he could muster. "Thanks a lot, Akane! Seriously!"

But before they could enter, Ichiban stopped, making his girlfriend pause and blink in confusion. She quickly noticed his eager smile turning a little guilty.

"What's wrong?" She asked. "You were so excited just a second ago. What happened?"

"No, it's just…" Ichiban hesitated but then decided to tell her anyway. "I feel bad, y'know? You always get me things and treat me well, but I… don't have anything to give back."

Akane said nothing.

"I know you think it's dumb to feel that way, but it really does feel like I'm useless." He added. "It makes me feel our relationship is one-sided. You always give, and I always take—"

"Ichi." She cut him off, her cold tone making him straighten his back.

"U-uh, yeah?"

"Why do you think I spoil you so much?" She asked.

"Um—"

"Do you think I treat you that way because I want something back?" She scoffed. "Don't be an idiot."

Ichiban blinked as Akane gave him a beautiful, gentle smile—one she barely showed but that would melt his heart every single time.

"I do it because I love you, Ichiban." She stated. Immediately, Ichiban realized that this was the first time she had actually confessed her feelings to him. "I might demand a lot of things from you, but I don't really care that much. So stop getting all worked up over nothing, alright? Your stupid face looks best with that dopey grin on it."

Ichiban couldn't help but smile back, his face suddenly turning red. Her and her backhanded compliments…

"…I guess I was being an idiot, yeah." He chuckled. "Sorry."

"It's fine. I like that about you anyway. Being an idiot, that is." She responded with her signature smirk. "But if you so insist on giving me something in return, then all I ever want is your eternal servitude and worship."

"Of course, my goddess. Whatever you want." He sighed, playing along with her antics. "Your wish is my command."

"Good. That's what I like to hear." Akane nodded in satisfaction, dragging him inside the store. "And as my loyal servant, you deserve only the best of blessings. Come, let's build you a PC that'll last you a lifetime."

Ichiban may actually be the luckiest man in the world.




– Akane –

I'm sure it doesn't need to be said, but being filthy rich is awesome. It's fun to burn money without worrying about going broke. Seriously, all of the things I bought at the mall? Yeah, I doubt I'll even use half of it in this life. I mean, I'll try. But this shopping spree was never about fashion. It was to flex my wealth—nothing more and nothing less.

And, well, I guess I felt like spoiling Asia a little. Why not, right? Besides, it gave me an excuse to spoil Ichi as well. He's been talking about saving money to build himself a new computer, and each time I hear him saying that, I force him to treat me to expensive desserts under the pretense of 'testing his loyalty.'

Seeing his annoyed reaction is always really amusing. But so is seeing his childish excitement when I bought him everything he wanted in that store. It was so cute whenever he tried to pick the less expensive parts because he felt embarrassed.

I got him the strongest parts we could find in the store, as well as two 4K monitors. Because why not, right? No skin off my back. Though, really, it didn't matter which parts he picked because I was going to upgrade his stuff with my tech anyway. He'll be able to play his games at one billion FPS.

Apparently, there's a lot of enjoyment you can find in spoiling the hell out of your lover. Who knew? I even had him carry some of the stuff while we walked out of the mall instead of sticking everything in my inventory. I wanted to show everyone we passed by how lucky he was to have me. And also to embarrass him more.

Dating or not, his embarrassment still gives me life.

So when we finished up, we went to have lunch with the rest of the group, then decided to go back to the resort to rest a little bit and put our stuff there. I know, why bother when I have infinite inventory space, but I don't like cluttering it with useless shit. Seeing it so disorganized pisses me off.

It's weird, yeah, but it's just a me thing, I guess.

Ichi really wanted to build his PC right away, but that would take too long. For him, anyway. It would barely take me five minutes, and he was insistent on doing it himself. So I watched him for a little while, occasionally giving him pointers—that is, until the sun started to set.

We decided we had rested enough and went back to Honolulu because that's where most of the fun is. Today, we are going to try out the real fun stuff—not the silly cafes and pointless shopping sprees, but real entertainment.

Half of the reason I even came here.

"This is hardcore," Issei says as he inspects the forged ID in his hands. "How did you even get this picture of me?"

"Don't ask me." I shrug. "This is all Majima's doing. At my request, of course."

"And he just listened to you?" Ichiban looks at me incredulously. "Isn't that really irresponsible? What if the higher-ups know about this?"

"I don't know, and I don't care," I respond with a grin. "What are you so worried about, anyway? Now, we get to do whatever the hell we want without worrying about pesky law enforcement. Bars, casinos— whatever you can think of."

Even though the latter is apparently outlawed in Hawaii, I've already found several underground casinos after I let the Spyders investigate Honolulu last night.

"That doesn't sound very wise, Akane-san." Kiba disagrees. "Is it even necessary to visit those establishments? There's enough entertainment here, even for people our age."

"Not very responsible, Ice Queen," Koneko adds with her usual blank tone, looking at me disapprovingly.

"Oh, please." I roll my eyes. "You're just jealous you can't join us. If you wanna be mad at someone, complain to Rias. You're not the yakuza's responsibility, so I couldn't get your IDs even if I wanted to."

"That's not the point." Kiba shakes his head. "We are simply not allowed to do these things in Hawaii. We're not old enough."

"Yes, but at the same time, we're old enough to fight against maniacal warmongers, old enough to be forced to defend against an actual fucking invasion, and old enough to kill." I scoff. "But for some reason, I can't drink and gamble? Yeah, right. Maybe I'll start believing in these arbitrary laws once they make sense."

My response makes Kiba pause for a few moments before he nods as his polite smile returns.

"I see. Well, it's not like I can stop you." He says, giving the catgirl a glance. "Then Koneko and I will be doing something else. Please be careful, everyone. Indulging too much can be dangerous."

As he walks away, Koneko hesitantly does so as well, giving Ichiban a strange look before following Kiba. Finally, at least he wasn't annoyingly insistent about this.

"Alright, you three ready?" I look at Asia, Ichiban, and… "Wait, where's Issei?"

"Oh, he left," Ichi answered. "He said he wanted to check out all the strip clubs in Honolulu."

Of course. You can't train the instincts out of an animal.

"Right, well, it's just us three, then," I say, noticing Asia's hesitant expression as she stares at her forged ID. "What's wrong?"

"I-I don't know…" She responds with furrowed brows. "Is this really okay?"

"Oh, it'll be fine, I promise~" I insist, holding her hand. "Just give it a try. I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun."

"You think so?" Asia is still hesitant. "It feels wrong."

I mean, that's kinda why it feels fun. But I don't think she would appreciate that answer.

"Look, how about we just try it out for a little while?" I say, leading her to the biggest nightclub in the city. "We don't have to go too crazy today. Just a few light drinks and a couple of hours of messing around. Right, Ichi?"

"Uh, yeah…" Ichiban nods as he follows us. "A few hours wouldn't hurt."

I frown as I notice his hesitation, too. What the hell is wrong with everyone today? I mean, yeah, Kiba and Koneko's reaction, I can understand, but Ichiban too? Since when did he worry about breaking the law?

Whatever. Maybe he's just nervous. We may have had alcohol before, but I doubt Ichi ever went to a nightclub. And neither have I, to be honest. My mother watches me like a hawk when it comes to these things. It's annoying.

But now I'm free of her being a total buzzkill.

Asia remains quiet for a while as she's still very hesitant. We walk through crowds as we head towards the most popular club in Honolulu. I get it; she's too innocent for these things, so she's just intimidated.

But she doesn't have to be. Asia may be vulnerable when she's alone despite having superhuman strength, but she has me and Ichiban. I'll beat the shit out of anyone who tries anything funny.

So, really, there's nothing to worry about. I'm sure once she gets comfortable, she'll start having fun too. It's basically like the other parties she attended in the underworld, except with a lot more strangers. And she may not show it, but Asia is good with strangers.

It's going to be okay—

Suddenly, Asia stops, making me pause to look at her.

"I can't, Akane-san." She shakes her head. "This isn't right."

"Asia, I told you it's gonna be fine." I insist. "Why won't you at least give it a try?"

"Because it goes against my moral code, Akane-san. I can't, in good conscience, break the law for something so vain." She answers. "And these environments… I don't feel comfortable in them. I've heard many terrible stories about them back in Italy."

Asia sighs.

"To be honest, I can't deny that it is a little tempting. I'm always willing to try out new things, and I've also heard wonderful stories where people have made lifelong friendships and met their soulmates in these clubs." She adds. "But it doesn't change the fact that this is wrong."

She looks at me and hands me back the forged ID.

"I'm sorry, Akane-san. I know you're only looking out for me and wish I would have fun on this trip." Asia says, giving me a smile. "It truly means the world to me. Having someone like you around. A big sister I can always rely on… It's everything I've ever wanted."

For some reason, hearing that makes my heart skip a beat.

"If I ever decide to drink alcohol or visit a club, it'll be when I'm legally allowed to." She concludes with a bow. "I really hope you understand, Akane-san. I don't want to offend you when I say this."

"You say that now, but just a few weeks ago, during the post-finals party, you drank yourself into a coma." I point out with a scoff.

"You're right. I let myself be pressured into doing things I don't want to do." She nods. "I mustn't let that happen again, and that's why I'm declining. I need to learn to be more like you and be assertive for my own sake."

"Asia—"

"No, Akane-san." She says firmly. "I've made my decision."

Well, this is annoying. Now she decides to have her own agency? Seriously? When I want her to do something for me?

…I can't help but feel a little proud, though. At least she's not a complete pushover anymore. And who cares, really? If she doesn't want to go, it's her decision.

"O-of course, I'm not trying to preach to you. You can still do whatever you want to do." Asia quickly clarifies with a nervous giggle. "I'm only giving my reasons why I can't."

"I got it." I sigh. "Find the devils and hang out with them until we're done, then. C'mon, Ichi."

"Er, yeah… about that." Ichi shuffles awkwardly, quickly looking away as I sharply gaze at him. "I uh… kind of agree with Asia."

"What?" I look at him with a frown.

"I mean, aren't you going a bit too far?" He tries to explain himself. "Forging IDs? Really?"

"Oh wow, here comes Mr. Law-Abiding citizen who had never once stolen from the convenience store, had alcohol while underage, or sent people to the hospital." I scowl. What a joke. "You're such a hypocrite."

"I just think it's way too over the top, alright?" He says. "Yeah, I've broken the law a few times, but this is too much even for me."

"It's literally a misdemeanor crime here— it's on the same level as underage drinking and petty theft," I argue. "Why even care?"

Ichiban doesn't immediately respond, knowing he's being really weird about this for no reason. Was he moved by Asia's speech or something? God…

"Akane-san, maybe Ichi wants to quit doing bad things?" Asia quips anxiously. "Maybe he feels that now you two are dating, he should try to avoid these things for your sake?"

"Yeah." He blinks before glancing at Asia. "Wait, how do you know that?"

"The thing is, he wasn't worried about the nightclub," I deflect with narrowed eyes. "What's making him uncomfortable is the fake ID."

"Look, if you really insist, I'll still come with you anyway." Ichiban tries to soothe my annoyance. "It's my job to stay by your side at all times."

"Forget it." I scoff. "I didn't know you were such a coward, Ichi."

Ungrateful idiots. I give them an opportunity to have as much fun as they possibly can, and they throw it back at my face. Why did I even bother getting those fake IDs anyway? I should've only gotten one for myself since they wanna act so goody-goody.

I let out a frustrated sigh as I start to walk away. I don't know why this is bothering me so much. It's such a stupid thing to get mad about. I mean, who gives a fuck if they don't want to come with me? I can have fun all by myself.

"Oi, what's gotten you so mad? I just said I'm fine coming with," Ichiban says as he puts a hand on my shoulder. "Are you okay?"

"No, I'm not fucking okay. I wanted to hang out with you there. What's the point of you coming with me if you're just gonna stand there doing nothing?" I slap his hand away and scowl. The nerve of this idiot. "You ruined it for me. What's with all this moral grandstanding? Where did it even come from?"

"Oh…" He blinks. "I'm sorry, I didn't know you felt that way at all."

"Shut up. Get away from me." I shove him away, my voice most definitely not cracking. "Dick."

I sound way more annoyed than I should be. This is ridiculous— what's gotten me so pissy about this? Was I really looking forward to it that much?

"Aw, come on, if the goal is to hang out, does it really have to be at a nightclub?" He states, giving me his dumbass smile as he puts an arm around my shoulders. "There's like a billion other things we haven't checked out yet."

"Whatever," I murmur. "I wanna go home now."

I'd better get started on my base, anyway. This was pointless.

"No, you don't."

"Yes, I do."

"Nuh-uh." He disagrees, nearly making me freeze his dick off before I remember that I need it too. "I'll show you that you can have an awesome time without drinking, clubbing, or gambling. C'mon, Asia."

"I'm right behind you." She says happily.

Before I can protest, Ichiban holds my hand and drags me with him, and because I don't want to make a scene in public, I let him do it. Whatever, I don't fucking care anymore. Let him bring me to wherever he wants.

My day is ruined anyway; I doubt even he can fix it.



– Asia –

For someone who was admittedly pretty spoiled, Akane was thankfully very easy to entertain.

"I know I told you not to hold back at the start," Ichiban started as Akane's bowling ball knocked down all the pins without her looking again. "But I really regret saying that now."

"You should've known, idiot. I'm unbeatable." She claimed, hands on her hips as she smirked smugly at Ichi. "Besides, why would I ever hold back? It wouldn't be a proper match if I didn't face you with my full power."

Even though she looked so annoyed at first, it didn't take long for her attitude to switch once Ichi had taken them to several places around Honolulu. Firework shows, arcades, cafes, and so much more that, eventually, Akane seemed to have completely forgotten all about the nightclubs.

It helped a lot that Ichi had started to show a lot more… loving affection to comfort her, but it admittedly did make Asia feel a little awkward at times. She didn't really mind it, though. As long as Akane was happy, she was happy too.

When Akane had first offered her the fake ID, Asia had known that she couldn't let herself be pressured. This went against a lot of her beliefs— breaking the law, recklessly drinking in an environment she didn't feel comfortable in, and so on.

And it was difficult to do so. Besides the temptations she felt, Akane was the most assertive person she'd ever met. How was she, someone who was so meek and shy, able to compare? Which was precisely why she'd worked up the courage to disagree.

Because there was no one else in this world, she looked up to more than Akane. A girl she'd grown to view as her older sister. She was a woman with such a strong character that Asia admired her heavily. Someone she truly wanted to be like.

Maybe not as violent, arrogant, and brash, but she certainly wanted to be so much more confident and proactive. And if she couldn't be firm with Akane, then what hopes did Asia have of ever becoming like her?

"You've got a strike every single time! You didn't even need to do that— you've already won!" He complained. "I thought you said you didn't play a lot of bowling?"

"Dumbass. Did you forget that I'm literally perfect?" She replied. "Of course, I'd be unrivaled in everything I do. It's only natural."

Asia giggled, finding her theatrics very amusing.

"Aw, man…" Ichi looked worried. "I really don't want to be the one doing all the laundry for the entire vacation."

"Then you just have to not be in third place," Akane said cheekily. "Oh wait~"

Indeed. Somehow, Asia was a few points ahead of Ichiban, even though this was only her second time playing bowling. The strength needed to roll the ball wasn't an issue; if anything, holding back their supernatural strength was the hard part.

But for some odd reason, Asia was much more precise with her throws than Ichi was, thus scoring more points than Ichi did. It didn't help that he was starting to panic because, as he said, the last place had to do laundry for the rest of the trip.

"Don't worry, Ichi. You just have to get a strike to beat her." Akane said. "But if you do… Ah, poor Asia~ Forced to do all the housework even when she's on vacation~"

"Um, I really don't mind, Akane-san." Asia quipped. "It's okay, Ichi. You don't have to worry about me. Do your best, okay?"

"You're too nice." Ichiban sighed. "Makes me want to throw the match."

"Are you flirting with other women in front of me?" Akane accused. "And not just any woman, but the one who is practically my little sister. How dare you?"

"S-sister?!" Asia's face went red at Akane's sudden acknowledgment. "Y-you really consider me as your sister, Akane-san?!"

"Well, yes, basically." She blinked. "You live with me, Kaa-san keeps talking about adopting you, and you're adorable. You fill the little sister role perfectly. Right, Ichiban?"

The feelings were mutual all along? And Mizuki-san was serious about the adoption thing?! Asia didn't know what to think— they thought she was family too. Did they truly love her as much as she loved them?

Asia felt like she was about to burst from happiness. She knew her faith had not been misplaced. From the painful childhood at the church, it then led her straight to a loving family she'd only ever dreamed of being part of. The Lord was most kind.

"Why are you asking me? I don't know." He looks at Akane weirdly. Then, as he looked at the blond, he paused before answering properly. "…But that's the impression I've been getting recently, I guess."

"See? Even this idiot thinks so." Akane said.

"Then is it okay if…" Asia hesitated.

"Is it okay if what?" The yakuza princess raised her eyebrow.

Asia then shook her head, feeling too embarrassed.

"No, it's really nothing. Never mind."

"You can tell me." Akane insisted. "What do you need?"

"It's just really embarrassing…"

"It's fine, I promise I won't laugh," she said. "If Ichi laughs, I'll kick him in the balls."

"I'm not going to." He complained with a sigh.

"Actually—" Akane suddenly kicked him in the shin.

"Ow, what the hell?!"

"This is between me and Asia." She said. "Give us some privacy."

"Ugh, fine. You didn't have to kick me…" He grumbled, making some distance between them.

"Better?" The yakuza princess asked.

Asia nodded. She felt more comfortable asking her request now, so she spoke hesitantly, her face growing redder and redder.

"T-this may sound very weird coming from an Italian girl, a-and I'm really sorry if it ends up offending you somehow, but…" She exhaled. "Is it okay if I call you Onee-chan sometimes?"

For some reason, that left Akane reeling as her eyes widened, seemingly never having expected such a simple thing. A flash of hesitation made it on her face before it disappeared, and, for a split moment, Asia thought she'd insulted her with that request, prompting her to take it back.

But before she could explain herself, Akane spoke.

"Sure, I don't really mind." She nodded with an odd smile. "Might take some time getting used to, though."

"Right?" Asia chuckled sheepishly. "A part of me thinks it's too weird for an Italian girl to be saying things like that."

"You've become fluent in Japanese. I don't think it's as weird as you think it is."

"Then, if you're really okay with it." She beamed at her now older sister happily before embracing her tightly. "Thank you so much for accepting me, Onee-chan."

"Sure…"

Yes, this was most definitely incredibly weird for the blond. Asia knew that she'd have a tough time calling Akane that in public out of embarrassment. But right now, those feelings were overshadowed by the immense bliss from being accepted; she didn't notice that Akane didn't share her feelings. Not quite.

Had Asia looked up at that moment, she would've seen the look of conflict on her sister's face.


– Akane –

Sneaking out of the resort so late at night was as easy as one would expect from me. The hardest part was waiting for Ichiban to sleep because the guy likes to talk way too much during bedtime. Like, he'd start by mentioning bizarre trivia, leading to weirder conversations.

I had to knock him out by fucking him into a mini coma. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to make any progress on my base. He would've kept talking until sunrise. Honestly, I do find that really fucking adorable, but I had work to do. I needed him out.

So once I made sure everyone else was asleep, I took my darker outfit and cloaking tech, then left the resort. And since I'm already in Hawaii, reaching Kaho'owale barely took me a few seconds. The funniest thing about this whole situation is the lack of security outside the main islands, from a supernatural perspective, of course. Regular tech would never be able to spot me.

But I digress. Once I made it to the island, I flew around it and found a little cave underneath a cliff. The place where I would start the excavation, since, while it's not hidden enough for me, I don't want to start digging from the surface. That would be way more noticeable.

So, I brought a few excavation robots I had prepared earlier. After scanning the island and determining where I wanted to start the excavation, I let Nemesis do the rest of the menial work. The great thing about making my base here is that the sea floor is filled with materials.

With my technology, I can make powerful tools that can reach deeper into the sea than normal technology. These tiny drilling bots can probably work at the bottom of the Mariana Trench and survive with minimal damage.

Unless some supernatural monsters are just chilling down there, and nobody knows about them.

"How long do you think it would take them?" Lucifer asks, standing next to me.

"At the rate they're going and the area they have to dig out…" I hum, looking over everything on the screen projected by my lenses. "About a hundred hours."

"I see. That's rather quick."

"That's just the first step." I sigh. "Then I'll have to smooth out the floors and walls, install lighting and all of my other tools, actually make it look nice, etcetera, etcetera. Overall, it'll probably take me about a week."

"That is still very impressive." Lucy insists. "Considering you're doing all of this under the noses of the government."

"Normal humans and governments aren't impressive." I disagree.

"I meant those you refer to as the CIA." He clarifies.

"Ah…" I snort. "Well, I doubt they're interested in Hawaii, much less this dumb empty island."

"I suppose." He rubs his chin in thought. "Hawaii, hmm? What a beautiful-looking island. Nothing could come close to its beauty during my time."

As he says that, I blink, remembering that I've not seen him since we made it to the island. Of course, I know why, but now that I think about it, doesn't it sound kind of weird?

"Actually, I was wondering." I glance at Lucy with a raised brow. "How come dematerializing makes Senjutsu users unable to sense you?"

"Ah, I was waiting for you to ask." He smiles. "It's simple, really. In this state, my soul is whole and in one place. Naturally, anyone able to use Senjutsu would notice my presence. But when I'm in the… 'dematerialized' state, as you put it, my soul scatters into thousands of much smaller pieces, thus making it nearly impossible to even notice."

"You can do what?" My eyes widen. "How are you still alive? Er, well, relatively. Breaking your own soul at will— wouldn't you just cease to exist?"

"It is a mystery, isn't it?" Lucifer responds vaguely with a chuckle. "Soul magic is quite complicated and dangerous. I wouldn't recommend trying such a thing unless you've mastered the arts."

Yeah, I never considered it. It sounds painful, anyway.

"I have a question of my own if you don't mind." He says, making me blink. "That blond girl… You've accepted her rather quickly, haven't you?"

I pause and frown as I'm being reminded of that moment of weakness. But it's fine; I already know how to deal with this. My decision to treat all of them as simple property is working. I'm feeling less and less annoyed.

"You don't have to worry," I tell him. "I know what I'm doing."

Lucifer only chuckles in response, saying nothing. Though I can sense his doubt.

Adding Asia to the fold wouldn't hurt. She may be weak and kind of useless, but she just needs someone to guide her to be useful. She has potential.

Besides, I always wanted a younger sibling when I was a kid.


– Sidestory – Moronsexual –

– Akane – 3rd person –

Stretching her arms after a decent session of reading about Hawaiian folklore, Akane discreetly removed her Nemesis Lenses and sent them to her inventory. Then, she shifted her position so she could sleep on her right side.

It was an interesting read, to say the least. Although she wasn't entirely invested, the story of their volcano goddess, Pele, really caught her attention. Like many other mythologies, this one also had a bunch of versions, so it wasn't guaranteed which one was the real one.

Because this goddess most definitely existed. Sure, it was very likely that none of the stories were true, but if she had to choose, she liked reading about the one where she got kicked out of her home for being too ambitious and ended up being torn apart and made into a hill. That's what it said on Wikipedia anyway, and Akane frankly didn't care to dive deeper into said folklore.

Because, once again, nothing read on the internet can be trusted. If Loki can fool all of humanity into thinking Zeus is an unrepentant rapist and nearly cause a devastating war between two mythologies, then what else did he change?

She didn't know, and she didn't care. She could try to ask Sona about this, but Hawaiian mythology was kind of niche, as far as Akane was aware. She had not heard about any factions involving them. If there was one, then they must have been really small and/or weak.

So, really, who cared?

The idea of consuming Pele's soul was pretty cool, but how the hell would she even find the Volcano Goddess? Nah, that was too much work. If anything, it probably wouldn't work. Akane would need to grow her power further if she wanted to start killing gods.

She'd rather work on her base than worry about eating divine beings so early in her career.

Speaking of…

"Still awake?" Ichiban asked, lying on the bed next to her.

"Yeah." She answered. "What's up? Can't sleep?"

"Nah, it's just that I've been thinking about something."

"Yeah?"

Ichiban paused for a moment, then threw a random question.

"Nah, never mind. It's dumb."

Akane hummed.

"Spit it out."

"It's nothing. Don't worry about it."

"Too bad. Now I'm curious." She snorted. "You're gonna tell me. Now."

Ichiban hesitated, but eventually obeyed.

"Okay, so you know how you'd need to eat ten million bananas to die from radiation?" He started, making her blink. "That got me thinking how many bananas it would take to kill a dragon with radiation."

Akane blinked again. A long, pregnant pause passed between them as the Yakuza heiress tried to process this bizarre premise. Eventually, she sat up, looking at Ichi with a very confused frown.

"What?"

"How many bananas would it take to kill a dragon with radiation?"

"What the fuck is this question?"

"I'm just saying if a human can eat ten million bananas—"

"No human in this fucking universe can eat that many bananas." She argued. "They'd die after, like, their hundredth."

"I know that." He sat up to address her properly. "But theoretically. Let's say some guy with a Sacred Gear that turns him into Kirby or something. He can eat infinite bananas."

"Okay?"

"So if ten million bananas is the human's limit, what about dragons? How much can they eat before they die from radiation poisoning?" He kept going. "Because, like, I can try calculating the bodyweight and size difference and all that stuff, but dragons are very resilient, right? Do they have inherent resistance to radiation? How would it work? How many bananas would it take to kill a dragon?"

It was, by far, the stupidest premise she'd ever heard. Why the fuck would anyone think about that at all? What was the reason? What did he ultimately want to know? If you want to kill a dragon with radiation, use a nuke or something. Fucking bananas? Really?

Even then, Akane didn't answer him. She didn't tell him how idiotic he or his premise was. Or rather, she couldn't. Unbeknownst to the poor dragon boy, his girlfriend was suddenly filled with a puzzling yet tremendous desire to breed.

Indeed. For some ungodly reason Akane couldn't explain in ten million lifetimes, like a switch being flipped out of nowhere— A flashbang that took her by surprise, the urge to have his babies overwhelmed her senses. She had never felt this turned on. Ever. Not even from her power boost after winning the tournament.

She exhaled, got off her bed, and walked toward her bag.

"What are you doing?"

She took her desired item out of her bag, showing it to Ichiban, who flinched. A red collar and lead she may or may not have bought when nobody was looking. That fake ID came in handy after all.

Ichiban was dead silent as Akane made her way to him— he didn't even try to push her off as she put the collar around his neck, his face going bright red.

"U-um." He gulped. "What are you doing with that?"

"If you even think about pulling out—" She tightly gripped the lead, and in the blink of an eye, they were suddenly both naked. And Akane was on top of him. "I will choke you to death."

Poor Ichiban didn't stand a chance.
Despite her power, Akane is still a spoiled princess type. Also, she likes a specific type of morons.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 86 others
Mirlnir
Apr 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 62: Inconvenient Interruptions
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,002
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Mizuki –

Kneeling beside her husband's grave, Mizuki laid a vibrant bouquet of flowers next to a basket filled with Tatsu's favorite fruits. After lighting a few incense sticks and watching the smoke rise, she gently traced her fingers over the engraved letters on his tombstone. At that moment, a bittersweet nostalgia washed over her, mixing with an unexpected sense of peace. Despite being in a cemetery, which she found ironic.

The quiet stillness surrounded her like a warm embrace, bringing a deep sense of calm. It might have been the gentle rustle of leaves or the reassuring presence of her husband that helped create this peaceful atmosphere.

"Sorry for not visiting for a while, darling." She muttered sheepishly. "It's been… rough. Lots of things have happened since Akane and I moved to Kuoh."

Naturally, this wasn't her first visit to Tatsu; before she and Akane had settled in Kuoh, they would come to pay their respects each month. And while her daughter very clearly didn't feel as comfortable as her, she'd made it clear that this was her responsibility as well. Although Mizuki wouldn't say it out loud out of fear of that gremlin retaliating, those rare moments of maturity made her really proud.

Mizuki understood why her daughter didn't like visiting the cemetery. Akane loved her father deeply, who'd adored her in return and treated her like royalty, showering her with gifts and fulfilling her every wish. Yet, despite this mutual love, she'd never managed to forge a deep emotional bond with him before his passing. As a result, Akane found it difficult to remember anything about Tatsu.

Visiting his grave only reminded her of the hard times of her childhood. When Mizuki had shut down and could barely take care of herself, much less her own daughter. It was a very, very difficult time for their family. From Mizuki drowning herself in booze to Akane turning into a delinquent from a very young age.

It was Akiyama who had stepped in for both her and Tatsu. He was the one who had pulled them back from despair and helped mother and daughter reconnect. If it hadn't been for him, then her bond with Akane might've been permanently broken.

And if that were to happen, Mizuki wouldn't know what to do. Akane was everything to her.

"Oh, if only you could see her now." Mizuki chuckled. "Our little girl grew up so much and became a beautiful woman. As rude and cheeky as ever, but at least she's made a bunch of friends. And for once, they actually stuck around. They're all wonderful people."

From humans to devils, Akane had finally decided to use her charisma. Ignoring her self-important attitude, she'd always had a silver tongue and could easily be the popular girl in school whenever she wanted to. She was pretty and charming, and she had a way with words. Making friends was never really an issue for her.

The problem was her lack of interest in making friends. Throughout elementary and middle school, Akane had never tried to make conversation with other students and was quick to shut them down when they tried. She was a loner who would go to school, intimidate everyone by constantly picking fights and beating other kids twice her size, and then come home bruised and bloody after her latest scuffle.

Honestly, Mizuki didn't know what had changed in high school, but it was about that time that Akane started to socialize. Rather, it was actually during her last year of middle school, which coincidentally was when her daughter started feeling more comfortable with her femininity.

Then again, that same year was when she'd met Ichiban for the first time. The only one that had matched her delinquency and her brutish yokai strength back then. Akane quickly grew to like him as a friend in just a few days and even developed a crush on him.

When Mizuki was introduced to Icchan, she immediately knew that he had a heart of gold. Despite his upbringing as a boy who lived on the filthy streets of Kamurocho and someone who got into as many fights as Akane, deep down, he was a genuinely good kid. Just aimless and didn't have a role model to look up to.

For someone to make a good impression on Akane that quickly? He was something special, alright.

And now, he'd grown into a very respectable man who'd shown her that he was more than worthy enough to date her daughter.

"She even has a boyfriend now," Mizuki added. "I know that's not something you'd want to hear, but he's a good kid. I bet you would've liked him too."

She couldn't imagine the look on his face if he were to learn how it happened. With their precious daughter throwing herself at someone so carelessly. Mizuki was still a little disappointed in her. No first date, no protection, and tipsy on stolen champagne. Just how irresponsible could she be?

Akane would've driven Tatsu crazy had he been around.

Mizuki's smile turned melancholic as she sighed deeply, a question passing through her mind.

It was a question she'd asked herself countless times. Just how different would their lives have been had Tatsu survived? Would Mizuki have gotten over her self-loathing? After all, he was one of the few who had always known about her past. He was the one that helped her out of that fucked up family. He was the one who'd helped her realize that, deep down, there was still humanity in her.

The one that had shown her she could be happy. That had made her happy.

"And to think all of this happened because I was sent to kill you." She murmured. "Funny how that turned out, huh?

Due to Tatsu's accomplishments and the rumors of him being a candidate for one of the most powerful humans in existence, the Amon clan had been quick to rise up to the challenge and had sent an agent to hunt him down. Rather, challenge him to a duel.

To them, he wasn't an assassination target but a challenge to overcome. After all, all that mattered to them back then was being the 'Ultimate Humans.' To see a human not part of them threatening that claim? They could never ignore such a thing. When Mizuki, or Rin, challenged him, she'd seen firsthand why he was called the 'Immortal Dragon.'

Even with all the information they had, knowing everything about his background as the first and only successful Super Soldier experiment of the Tojo Clan, she still couldn't put him down. No matter what she threw at him, he'd get right back up and continue as if he'd received no damage. It didn't matter how serious or lethal his wounds were— they vanished in a matter of seconds.

It was the first time that Rin had failed her mission. But it wouldn't be the last. She continued challenging him over and over, wanting to reclaim glory and honor for her clan and prove to her father that she could lead the Amon.

Each and every time, she'd be humiliated. He would defeat her and not even give her the courtesy of killing her and sparing her the immense shame. He'd walk away with her lying on the ground, screaming at him that one day, she'd have his head on a pike. To add insult to injury, Tatsu was almost always nice to her in his own special way.

"Honestly, who would invite an assassin sent to kill them to lunch? 'You look starvin'' he said." Mizuki snorted. "Not like I was any better accepting that offer, huh?"

At that moment, her fierce obsession and hatred for Tatsu began to fade, turning into respect and eventually affection. Their intense, hate-fueled duels transformed from battles to the death into more friendly yet thrilling contests of strength that sharpened their skills and drew them closer. Each time, defeat felt less humiliating and more motivating. See how much she grew and how close she'd gotten to beating the one and only man she had failed to kill.

Until, eventually, killing him didn't sound very appealing to her. Those feelings of hers had only grown when she decided to 'investigate' him. She spent more time with him outside of fighting, spoke to him more often, and wondered what made him stronger than what the Amon data had told her. She wanted to know him better.

And frankly, while she was no better at the time, Tatsu was never the best at socializing. He'd been a hard-boiled yakuza since he was young, and his scary face didn't help it. He always acted a little over the top with violent lingo when referring to even the simplest things, sometimes getting them into a bunch of trouble due to misunderstandings.

But his pure way of expressing himself was what made Mizuki fall in love with him in the first place. What made her understand what it was like to live for something beyond herself.

"Straight out of a love story," She muttered. "…If only we had our happy ending."

Mizuki tiredly exhaled again, retracting her hand and standing back up. She spent the next few moments staring at her husband's grave in silence. Then, looking down, her hands trembled, and she quietly whispered her next few words.

"Tell me, Tatsu," She mumbled. "Would it be wrong of me to think that maybe you're still…?"

She just could never see it. Someone like Tatsu? It had just never made sense to her. He was too powerful—Too resilient. He was called the 'Immortal Dragon' for a good reason. He always stood back up no matter the injury. How could a single devil that wasn't even as strong as him do this?

Even when she got his corpse back, seeing all the horrific damage inflicted on him, Mizuki refused to believe it. Despite seeing his motionless body and lifeless eyes, she couldn't comprehend it. They couldn't even properly cremate him— not even the Fire of Prometheus could've done it. And yet…

"…If you're still alive— if you can really hear me," Mizuki wiped the tears gathering in her eyes. "Then please come back to us. Akane needs you. I need you."

Naturally, there was no response. What was she hoping for? A miracle? She couldn't expect Tatsu to suddenly jump out of his coffin just because she called for him.

This is pathetic. She thought.

One last time, Mizuki sighed as she calmed herself. As much as she would love to, she knew she couldn't just rely on Tatsu to save her again, even if he were still alive. With her terrible gut feeling regarding her daughter and her fear of regressing to the monster she'd once been, she needed to take care of this on her own.

But first, she needed answers.

With her resolve rekindled, Mizuki's expression sharpened as she slowly pulled something out of her pocket. A device that she'd hidden away in the corner of her secret armory back in her home in Kiyoraha.

A device in the shape of a small black button.


– Akane –

It's good that I made a few bots to take care of the base business while I'm not there, with Nemesis supervising the operation and updating me occasionally. As much as I would've loved to do everything by myself, I don't have a lot of time. Besides, even though it's only been about twelve hours since I left that island, the drill bots have made great progress. Better than I expected, even.

So there's nothing to complain about in that regard. Everything's going as smoothly as I'd hoped. No one has noticed me disappearing at night, and my bots have remained perfectly hidden from the CIA and/or the Hawaiian government. It's not like I'd expect them to care much about that dead island anyway.

With that covered, all I need to worry about right now is what to have for dinner tonight. It is a little early for that since the sun is just about thirty minutes from setting, but we skipped lunch today. Despite my supernatural stamina, swimming still burns a lot of energy, I guess.

It didn't help that I spent most of my time as a babysitter, but oh well. I'm in too good a mood to complain.

"I-I'm sorry for bothering you too much, Akane-san," Asia says with her head down, sitting next to me on a bench.

"It's fine. I don't really mind." I respond. "You should've told me you couldn't swim before we went to a waterpark, though."

"I know…" She sighs. "I just felt embarrassed."

Again, I didn't really care that I had to teach her. Most of the rides and pools in this waterpark aren't that deep, so we enjoyed a few of them at first. I have a private beach and pool, but I don't have a waterpark for myself. And superpowers or not, these water rides are still a bunch of fun.

But maybe it's just the vibe that I like. It's a huge park with a lot of souvenir shops and snack stores, so even if you don't plan on getting wet, even taking a walk around this place feels nice. It would've been even better had I been able to rent it out. Alas, the owners are allergic to money, apparently.

We spent hours here, going from ride to ride. Before long, Asia asked me to teach her how to swim properly. That was when we separated. Issei left with Koneko and Kiba while Asia, Ichiban, and I spent time together.

Honestly, had she told me beforehand, I would have rescheduled the waterpark visit to after I'd taught her. It wasn't until I noticed her hesitating to dive into one of the deeper pools that I realized she had no swimming experience.

And despite Asia's talents, she struggled to get the hang of swimming for some reason. She'd panic a lot even though I was holding her. To such a degree that made me think she's aquaphobic or something. Hearing her squeaking and squealing in panic was kind of funny and adorable, and I knew teaching her might take a while.

Eh, we have a month. And I have time to waste anyway.

"You said this was the first time you've been swimming, right?"

"Mhm. I never really had the chance back to do that in Italy." She nodded, frowning to herself. "I… well, I never had the chance to do anything."

I hum in response.

"To be honest, the more time I spend with you, Ichi, Mizuki-san, and everyone else," Asia adds, giving me a smile. "The more I realize I was miserable when I lived in the church. I'm a lot happier with you than I ever was back then. Thank you, Akane-san."

"Naturally. I'm the savior of the human race." I reply, leaning back on the bench with a smirk. "By the way, is this the bikini we got you yesterday?"

I point at her swimsuit—a yellow frilly bikini that covers more than most of its type. I remember picking it alongside similar ones for her since I know she's not very comfortable showing a lot of skin. It does look good on her, but she's too innocent to wear anything more daring.

As for me, I decided to be a little bolder. A string bikini isn't traditionally seen as 'bold,' but with my three sizes, it may as well be. In the usual black color, of course. I've gotta keep up my theme.

While I'm usually the same as Asia in the sense that I don't like showing too much skin or flaunting my body in public places, I love how Ichi can barely keep his eyes off me. Knowing I'm the sexiest girl he's ever seen and ever will see makes me feel powerful. He's totally charmed.

The unstoppable Red Dragon Emperor, dancing in the palm of my hand. Bewitched by the most remarkable living being that ever graced these lands. And who could blame him, really? It's me, after all.

"Uh-huh!" She says. "It was tough deciding between this and the blue one, though."

"They both suit you." I praise her.

"Thanks! I like yours too, Akane-san." Asia chirps. "You've always looked pretty in black and red colors."

"Tsk tsk, I look pretty in everything. Let's make that clear."

The blond giggles, and from there, we continue a pleasant conversation for a few minutes until Ichiban returns with three cups of colorful shaved ice. I quickly catch his glance directed at my breasts, prompting a smirk out of me. He notices it, but neither of us verbally acknowledges anything.

He's so deep in love with me it's extremely cute.

"What took you so long?" I question, leaning forward.

"You saw the line? There are like twenty people there." He complains with a sigh as he gives me and Asia our cold dessert. "Here. Lime for Asia and strawberry for you."

"Finally. I haven't had one of these in ages." I quickly scoop up a bit of the syrup-infused shaved ice and take a bite, humming pleasantly at the sweet taste. "It's so good~"

Especially in this heat. I mean, sure, it's not a problem for me since I can just cool the air around me, but this is different. Cooling down with ice cream or any other cold treat feels so good.

"Mmmhm!" Asia hums in equal pleasure. "It's so different compared to ice cream. I like it."

"I don't know why, but I think I like this better than the ones we have in Japan," I say before looking at my boyfriend. "So what flavor did you get, Ichi?"

"Pina Colada. And yes, it's alcohol-free," He answers as he sits next to me. "I mean, I might as well get to enjoy the tropical fruits of this tropical island."

"Fair enough. That's a good choice, actually. Maybe I should've gotten it, too." I reply before pausing, giving Ichi an expectant look. "…So can I try?"

"Yeah, sure." He says with a blink.

I take a scoop with the small plastic spoon and taste Ichi's treat.

"Mhm, it's really good. But that should be expected. You always had good taste when it came to food." I nod approvingly. Then, I take a spoonful of my strawberry-flavored shaved ice and guide it toward his mouth. "Here. Your turn. Only fair you have some of mine."

Ichiban blushes but doesn't hesitate. In fact, he seems very happy that I'm spoiling him like that as he gives me a shy smile once he swallows the spoonful of cold dessert.

"Yeah, yours tastes nice too." He says.

…God, he really does look best with that stupid smile on him.

Our moment is interrupted by a giggle from Asia, who gives me a rare, knowing look once I glance at her.

"What?" I ask.

"It's nothing." She shakes her head, giggling again. Asia then looks away before pausing, her expression changing into one of surprise. "Eh? I-is that…"

"What's wrong?" Ichiban asks.

We both follow her line of sight and spot what she is looking at. Ichi's eyes go wide while I frown in a mixture of annoyance and suspicion. Over on the other side of the waterpark, next to one of the rides, we spot a familiar pair of swordswomen in their swimsuits walking around searching for something.

"Irina and Xenovia?" Ichi mutters.

"What the hell are they doing here?" I wonder out loud.

As soon as I say that, Xenovia's eyes meet mine, and a broad smirk forms on her face. Dragging the weaker girl with her, the blue-haired dumbass walks toward us with a stride. I almost want to just leave and escape her, knowing that she is going to be annoying, but I am equally curious, so I wait for her.

"I have found you, Akane Amamiya!" She says loudly, disturbing the other people around us as she points a pool noodle at me. "I challenge you to a duel!"

"Xenovia, please," Irina begged with a defeated look. "We're in public."

"You know, people usually start with 'hello'." I scoff at the exorcist moron. "Why should I even accept?"

"Because otherwise, you'd be a coward." She responds bluntly, ignoring my other comment. "And you'd acknowledge that I am the better swordsman."

My eyes twitch in annoyance. I do respect her guts, but damn if she doesn't know how to grind my gears. Still, I don't take her bait. She'll have to try harder than that. So to get back at her, I ignore her presence completely and address Irina.

"So why are you here?" I ask her. "You couldn't have come all the way here just for her to get her ass kicked, right?"

"Hey, I'm talking to you!" Xenovia scowls before huffing. "Whatever…"

"Well…" Irina sighs tiredly. "Kind of? That's why she is here. Personally, I came to Hawaii to enjoy a little vacation."

"But weren't you stationed in Kuoh as ambassadors?" Ichiban points out.

"Yeah, but we asked the higher-ups for some time off, and they allowed it." She shrugged. "Our choices were anywhere in Europe, Thailand, or the United States."

Thailand feels kinda out of place in that list.

"And since we knew you were here, we chose the Hawaii," Xenovia added, still pointing her pool noodle at me. "That's all there is to it. Now get up and face me."

"No." I decline. "I came here to enjoy my vacation how I want, not to humor your stupid duels."

"Well, you can do both, can't you?"

"I can." I shrug.

"Then why do you refuse? Are you afraid of losing?"

"Oh, get over yourself." I roll my eyes and grin smugly at her. "You're just not worthy of my time."

Xenovia's eyes widen before she growls at me angrily. But before she can retaliate, Asia jumps up and gets in between us, trying to soothe the rising tension. Yeah, two can play that game, bitch.

"You—!"

"A-ah, Xenovia! It has been quite a while since we saw each other." Asia says, taking one of her hands into her own. "W-why don't we catch up?"

"What are you on about, nun?" Xenovia glanced at her. "It's barely been two weeks—"

"Oh, I wonder if you've had any shaved ice yet? It's delicious." Asia cut her off and led her away, showing a surprising level of assertiveness. "Come on, let me show you. They have all sorts of flavors. You should try it."

"Hey, what are you—" Xenovia scowls. "Unhand me!"

"Bring one for me, too, Xenovia," Irina said. "I want what you're having."

"Irina?" The blue-haired moron hesitates, but then she relents and sighs. "…Fine. But this isn't over, Amamiya."

"Sure it is," I respond before glancing at her partner. "She's gonna be annoying, isn't she?"

"I'm so sorry. I'll try to keep her off you." Irina nods. She then shuffles awkwardly. "Then again, I honestly suggest that you humor her. If you beat her now, you probably won't hear from her for a few weeks at least."

…I'll consider it.

"By the way, have you seen Issei anywhere? I was looking for him." She asks. "…He did go with you, right? I didn't find him anywhere in Kuoh when you guys left, so I assumed he went with you."

"Oh yeah, he should be over there with Koneko and Kiba," Ichiban answers, pointing at one of the larger slides. "Though, they may have split up too."

"I see. Thank you." Irina smiles at us before running off to where Issei supposedly is. "See you later~!"

Once she's out of sight, I sigh.

"What's wrong?" Ichi is quick to check up on me, putting a hand around my shoulder.

"It's nothing serious." I wave it off, throwing the empty cup in the nearby trash can. "I'm just hungry."

"Heh. Yeah, same." He agrees. "What do you wanna eat?"

"Pizza."

"Of course." He sighs.

You can never go wrong with pizza.


– Asia –

After having a splendid time at the waterpark with her wonderful friends, the group decided to leave because they were growing very hungry. They had skipped lunch and spent several hours swimming and going down slides. It was all exhausting but also delightful.

It was something Asia had always wanted to do ever since she'd been a child. She'd seen several waterparks, but she'd never been allowed to visit any of them. She'd mostly been confined within the walls of the cathedral back in Italy, never leaving unless it was work-related.

And her work never ended at the time. Due to the blessing of Twilight Healing, she'd been needed for many things. Rather, she was now starting to realize that she was being taken advantage of. Due to Sacred Gears giving the user a boost in physical strength regardless of its type upon awakening the first time, Asia had been left to do most of the work.

Asia had not only healed those who were injured but also done laundry, cooking, and cleaning. Once she was older, she taught the younger kids and took care of them. Of course, Asia didn't exactly mind doing these things—after all, she still helped with cooking and cleaning in the Amamiya household. She loved doing housework.

But the Amamiyas never took advantage of her. They treated her well and considered her one of their own. They listened to her requests, spoiled her with everything she could've wanted, and took her on a trip to Hawaii with them.

Akane even agreed to teach Asia how to swim, and Asia felt immensely grateful for her. After all, Akane was known to be easy to aggravate, so her showing so much patience for the nun made her genuinely thankful. She truly acted like the reliable big sister Asia had always wished for.

However, swimming was a lot more difficult than Asia had expected. She'd never set foot on a body of water besides a bathtub, and she quickly realized that deep waters terrified her. A fear she'd never thought she had, and it felt primal. Because even though she was in a very safe environment next to one of the most reliable people she knew, Asia had a tough time overcoming her fear.

But she didn't let that discourage her. She knew that with the help of her big sister and everyone else, she'd be able to overcome this hurdle. Asia couldn't give up something so simple.

"Uwaah…" Issei sighed, leaning back against his chair after they'd finished their meal. "Man, that was really good. How's the food here so damn tasty?"

He was right. Although the portions here were much bigger than what she was used to in Italy and Japan, that didn't detract from the taste. Everything they'd had in Hawaii was fantastic, from burgers, traditional dishes, pizzas, and even simple desserts like cakes and such. She did not, however, like what the Hawaiians did to pizza.

As an Italian, Asia had never felt so insulted in her life before.

"I'll tell you why," Akane responded. "It's cuz the food here, not counting the traditional stuff, is nowhere near as healthy as the most unhealthy thing you can find in Japan."

"That's a big claim to make, Akane-san," Kiba said.

"It's true." She insisted with a shrug. "I mean, come on, you see how much the locals love Spam of all things. Nearly every single restaurant we went to had at least one dish that included it."

"Spam?" Asia blinked.

"A brick of processed pork gunk." Koneko quipped.

"Exactly. Sure, people eat that garbage in Japan too, but it's not in everything." Akane nodded. "Anyway, not counting that, unhealthy food can still be very delicious, too. That's why I brought it up. Do you see how much McDonald's earns every year? It's insane."

"I guess that makes sense." Ichiban hums. "McDonald's is pretty damn good. And cheap."

"Yup."

"You know, speaking of unhealthy food—" Issei starts. "I've read about a restaurant in Las Vegas that apparently a lot of people died in, but somehow it's still in business."

"Huh?!" Asia's eyes widened in shock.

"Ah, I think I know what you're talking about. The Heart Attack Grill, right?" Akane snapped her fingers. "I've seen a lot of videos on it. The food is so damn unhealthy that there's a chance of it giving you a heart attack, thus the name of the restaurant. You even have to sign a waiver to eat there."

"Damn. For real?" Even Ichiban was surprised. He then took out his phone and made a quick search. "Woah…"

"I'm surprised you know about it, Issei-san," Kiba said. "I've never heard of it before."

"How could I not? The waitresses dress like sexy nurses."

"Gross pervert," Koneko responded blankly. "Go die."

"You know, I'm not going to lie…" Ichiban quipped, scrolling through his phone before showing the group a photo. "Their burgers look amazing."

Despite hearing that people apparently died from eating there, Asia had to admit that the food looked very appetizing. However, even a child could tell at first glance that it was incredibly unhealthy. It seemed extremely greasy.

And with her feeling so full, Asia felt a little nauseous, prompting her to look away from the photos with a look of discomfort.

"I can almost smell it…" Koneko muttered, wiping drool off her mouth.

"Right?" Ichiban agreed. "I mean, heart attack or not, I have to try it at least once. I'm sure I can tough it out."

"I don't think you can 'tough out' a heart attack, Kasuga," Issei said.

"You know they spank you if you don't finish your food, right?" Akane pointed out.

"What?!" Ichi's eyes widened.

"For real?!" As did Issei's.

"Yeah. With a paddle, too." She added before glancing at Koneko. "Though, if there's someone I know that can handle it, it's this pipsqueak."

"It's Koneko, Ice Queen."

"She's got the guts, after all," Akane smirked.

The group continued with their banter. Although, Asia noticed that it had been strangely quiet. The past two days, there had been a lot of activity around them, even at night, but this time, things felt… eerie.

But she didn't give it much thought. It was probably nothing— maybe the fun stuff was on the other side of the city.

"Anyway, I have room for dessert. Anyone?"

"Cheesecake." Koneko quickly requested.

"I'm good." Issei declined.

"So am I." Kiba nodded in agreement.

"I don't think I can eat another bite." Asia huffed.

"Their Tiramisu sounds really nice," Ichiban said. "You're getting the chocolate lava cake, aren't you?"

"You know me so well." Akane giggled before calling the waitress.

The waitress arrived, but unlike when she'd taken their order the first time, where she'd been chirpy and polite, she looked anxious. Almost scared, even. None of the group seemed to have noticed it besides her and Koneko, whose expression sharpened.

"Hey, we thought your dessert menu looked pretty good, so we'll have—"

"U-um, I-I don't mean to be rude, but we've— we've closed." She said. "I-I'm afraid I can't serve you anything."

"Huh?" Akane blinked. Then she frowned as she pointed at the sign outside the restaurant. "What are you talking about? It says you're open until eleven-thirty. It's still ten."

"I-I'm terribly sorry, ma'am." The waitress apologized again. "But you need to leave."

Akane's frown deepened.

"No," She said. "Not until you give me a reason to."

"Ma'am, you need to leave before—"

The waitress's words died in her throat, and her eyes widened as she spotted something outside. Her reaction prompted the group to check out what she was looking at, and they saw many people strolling through the streets together.

This was already strange enough—there were about two dozen of them, and every single one was tall and muscular. Some had full-body tattoos; others wore expensive brand-name clothes, and some even held weapons: pistols, knives, machetes, and even sledgehammers.

This was more than enough to ring a lot of alarms in Asia's head. What was she seeing?

"What the hell?" Ichi muttered.

"A gang of some kind?" Kiba wondered out loud.

"Holy fuck, they're buff," Issei said.

"And armed," Koneko added.

"Oh, god. They're here." The waitress gasped, backing away from the group, closing the curtains, and locking the door. "Oh god. Oh god, I hope they didn't see."

"What's up with you?" Akane questioned with a scowl, getting up from her seat. "Explain what's going on right now."

"It's the Barracudas." She says. "They're a powerful gang here in Honolulu. Every week, they go on one of these parades where they basically own the entire city. They demand to be given free stuff, or they destroy the stores, intimidate locals into giving them money, and I even heard that sometimes, they kill people."

"They what?!" Ichiban stood, slamming his hands on the table.

"Why aren't you calling the police?!" Asia questioned.

"They're in with them." The waitress said. "Most of the cops here are corrupt. They accept bribes and let these bastards do whatever they want."

"That so…" Akane hummed, peeking from under the curtains. "Oh, looks like they found a target, too."

Asia's heart sank before she went to see for herself, mimicking her older sister and watching the scene for herself. True to Akane's words, an old drunkard had stumbled into one of them and spilled his drink all over him.

Immediately, a group of these Barracudas ganged up on the guy, brutally beating him without any mercy. The scene was as horrific as one might expect— the poor man couldn't be younger than sixty, but they didn't show any pity and continued pummeling him to the ground.

Asia covered her mouth in horror as the gang continued beating the living crap out of the man. They broke one of his arms, dragged his face across the pavement, and struck him in the stomach so hard he began to violently throw up.

We have to do something. She thought, her legs refusing to move.

"Oi," Ichiban muttered. "They're gonna kill him?"

"In the middle of the streets?" Akane wondered out loud. "They wouldn't, would they?"

They could hear him begging and profusely apologizing, fearing for his life. And Asia knew she wasn't imagining it because Koneko, whose expression was almost always blank, looked just as horrified as Asia. The sickening scene continued getting worse and worse until…

"Hey…" Ichiban clenched his fists, looking at her with an almost pleading look.

Akane didn't immediately respond, eyes narrowing in suspicion.

"You sense it too, don't you?" She said. "These people aren't regular humans. They're way stronger than the average person."

Asia's breath hitched as she saw them pull him up and lead him to an alley, one of the Barracudas brandishing a machete with a malicious smirk. The nun immediately knew that if she didn't move now…

That innocent man would die a horrible death.

"W-we have to help!" Asia exclaimed.

"Let's go," Akane nodded, leading the group outside. "We're not letting someone die on our watch."

As some of the Barracudas dragged the man into the alley, some remained outside and didn't notice her until Akane punched one of them in the face. The gangster she struck hit the wall and fell down out cold.

This quickly alerted the rest of the Barracudas as they began brandishing their weapons.

"What the fuck?!" One of them exclaimed.

"Who the hell are you?!" Another demanded.

"L-let that man go!" Asia stammered behind Akane, still intimidated.

"Who the fuck do you think you are?" A gangster aimed his gun at her, making her flinch.

"Looks like we got ourselves a few heroes, lads!" Another one laughed, rolling his neck.

"This ain't a game, kids. Someone oughta teach you a lesson."

The group was surrounded three to one, but despite Asia's being intimidated and not getting used to fights like this, Akane simply smirked and cracked her knuckles. Without the need to use magic or a weapon, her big sister didn't even get into a stance.

"You morons aren't the first amateurs I crushed beneath my boots."

After her quip, Akane moved faster than even Asia could process, hitting one of them in the guts and making him collapse, knocking him out instantly. This caused the rest of the Barracudas to attack the group, but the gang members didn't stand a chance.

One swung their metal pipe at Ichiban from behind, who didn't even flinch. Ichi smacked the pipe out of the ganger's hand before smashing a fist into his face, rendering them unconscious. Asia knew that if her friends weren't holding back, this would've gotten a lot bloodier.

One of the gangsters, armed with a pistol, shot at them, aiming at the blond nun as she flinched at the noise. Though, to her surprise, the bullets didn't even pierce her skin. It felt like she was pinched.

This made Asia a little more confident in herself, and she retaliated, punching the man with the gun in the face. However, this quickly showed her that she was not used to regulating her power as the attack sent him flying and flipping backward, thankfully not entirely killing him.

Her fists trembled. This was the first time she had actually hit someone outside of training. And she could never land a hit like that whenever she sparred with Akane or Mizuki. Almost always, they blocked or evaded her attacks.

But she knew that she needed to get used to it.

Surprisingly, it didn't feel as unpleasant as she thought.

"Hold them back for us," Akane ordered.
As Ichiban, Issei, Kiba, and Koneko voiced their affirmation, Akane looked at the blond.

"Come on, Asia," She said, taking the blond's hand as they went after the man they dragged away. "That guy probably needs healing once we've rescued him."

As the rest of the Barracudas attacked, Issei and Ichi got in front of them and began to beat the crap out of each and every one of them. This allowed Akane and Asia to investigate the alley without bothersome interruptions. They made their way around many corners, but eventually, they reached their destination, with Akane in front of her, stopping Asia from going any further.

"Oh…" Akane's eyes were wide in shock before they narrowed in anger. "Well, good to know I'm dealing with animals here, not people."

"Akane?" Asia blinked in confusion. She couldn't see what was going on with Akane standing in front of her and blocking the view.

"Hmm?" A Barracuda said. "Oh look, a witness."

"A cute one, too," Another chortled. "This oughta be—?!"

Before the man could finish the sentence, Akane cast a spell by swinging her hand, which was then followed by two loud thuds.

Then, pure silence.

"W-what's going on?" Asia questioned.

"I…" Akane hesitated. "I don't want you to see this, Asia."

"So what, we just let him die?! If he's alive, then I have to help!" Asia insisted, pushing Akane aside. "I can save him, Akane—"

Asia stood frozen in shock as she took in the grim state of the man before her. Her legs trembled, threatening to give way beneath her. Her eyes widened in terror, almost as if they were trying to absorb every morbid detail of the scene.

A wave of dizziness washed over her, the horror before her too overwhelming for the poor nun. She could feel bile rising in her throat, a bitter taste of fear that threatened to spill over as she struggled to steady herself against the onslaught of emotions.

Besides the two headless Barracudas, the innocent man wasn't just beaten and bruised from the pummeling these animals gave him. He was pinned to the wall by the machete, his face flayed and his right leg dangling by a thin string of flesh. A small knife stabbed into his left eye while both ears were sliced and left on the ground.

"Oh, Lord in Heaven…" Asia felt like she was going to pass out as things started to spin.

"Get a hold of yourself!" Akane said, holding Asia, before shaking her. "I know it's hard to believe, but he's somehow still alive. You can still save him."

Her eyes widened.

"H-he's alive…?"

"Yes, but not for long. He's seconds away from dying." Akane explained. "Can your Twilight Healing bring him back, even from this state?"

"I-I don't know." She shook her head before approaching the man as a ring formed around her finger. "But I can still try!"

As Asia called upon the power of her Sacred Gear, a green glow began surrounding her and the man. She'd never healed anyone from such a horrendous state, but she couldn't let that deter her. She had to save him. It was her duty.

As if the ring listened to her desires, it began glowing brighter than ever before, almost lighting up the entire alley as the man's terrible, terrible wounds began to heal at a rapid pace. His skin was restored, his leg rebuilt itself, and he regrew a new eye and ears. Akane helped her out by pulling out the machete and gently laying him on the ground. In mere seconds, the deep injury in his stomach closed.

The man was still unconscious, but he was in good condition now, making both girls exhale.

"Oh, thank you, Lord in Heaven, for the blessing you have bestowed upon me," Asia prayed, clutching her cross necklace. Heavenly Father, we thank you for saving this man's life."

Akane stared at her silently for a while before speaking.

"Good job, Asia." She praised. "You did great."

Asia smiled.

Then promptly collapsed.




– ??? –

As he observed the scene before him, the initial look of astonishment in his eyes gradually transformed into a smirk that spread across his face. How incredibly convenient. Of all places in the world. To think he'd see another user of Twilight Healing on his turf. Just what were the odds?

The old man chuckled to himself. What a fortunate turn of events. Just when he had started to lose hope in catching that slimy little brat and the hag that protected her, another key simply walked to his doorstep without him having to do anything.

He continued observing the unconscious blond girl being taken care of by a group of two girls and three boys. A woman of faith with a heart of gold… he couldn't ask for a better replacement.

No. She was better than that. Her Twilight Healing was vastly more powerful than Lani's. The blond girl's restorative ability far surpassed anything he'd seen in years. Perhaps it was fate that had led the girl here.

Perhaps it really was time for her to awaken from her slumber.

"Oh, you'll do well, young one." He whispered. "Your sacrifice will not be in vain."

But he needed to make sure the other kids around her couldn't interfere, especially the black-haired girl. Something about that one feels… different. Harder to read. But he had dealt with others like her before.

None may hide from the Watcher, for he sees all.

As the Hundred Eyes closed, ethereal visions gradually faded away, and the old man's gaze drifted toward the great goddess, nestled in eternal rest. She lay within the deep, dormant embrace of a volcano, shrouded by her magnificent divine aura on a remote island, isolated and untouched by the world.

"Soon, my lady." He mumbled. "This world will remember your sovereignty."
As you may have noticed by now, Asia will be pretty relevant in this arc.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 80 others
Mirlnir
May 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 63: Uncertain Crisis New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,008
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus



I gently lay Asia on the bed, rendered unconscious after seeing what was probably the worst thing she'd ever seen. I mean, it's obviously not the first time she's seen death or deep injuries, but that? It had me feeling a little sick, and I've seen my fair share of gore even before getting involved with the supernatural side of the world. Involuntarily, mind you.

Well, kind of. I'd be scrolling certain social media websites, click on a video I think looks funny or interesting, then get flash-banged by a guy getting executed and/or tortured by the Mexican cartel. I don't immediately click off because my dumbass would get morbidly curious. Somehow, I don't lose any sleep over what I see.

Yeah, I was fucked up way before this system thing.

But I digress. Asia, being the kind of person she is, would naturally be very affected by something so brutal. She nearly passed out before I shook her out of it and told her the guy was miraculously still alive. Meek as she is, I guess she was determined enough to save his life. I can respect that.

Personally? Oh, I don't give a fuck if he dies or not. I mean, he's some random guy I never met, has no relevance to the supernatural, and is old. So what if he died? I'm sure the man has lived long enough. He doesn't need to live until he's eighty or something.

It's not like Asia helped all that much. Yeah, she saved his life, but I doubt he'll wake up sane. After what happened, very few people have the mental fortitude to live normally. We put him in a hospital, telling them we found him passed out on the streets.

The doctors are in for a surprise after he wakes up… which is what I thought at first. But thankfully for the man, we had two devils with us, both of whom knew the memory erasure spell. Although, according to Kiba, it's not perfect, so the guy may suffer from nightmares for a little while. But that's about it. I doubt he'd be left with any long-lasting trauma.

It's still pretty damn convenient. I completely forgot that devils could mess with minds that way. It made me wonder if it's similar to my illusion spells, but I don't think so. Devils don't use specific elements and magic types. Aside from clan traits, demonic magic does everything else.

Anyway, I only bothered to save that man for three reasons.

First, because I'm one of the 'good guys'. It wouldn't look pretty on my record if I let an innocent person die, especially in front of my 'good guy' friends. If I had told them to stand down or said something callous, I imagine I'd lose affection points with everyone present.

And that's not good. I think something like that would get me to lose the perk I got from maxing out Ichi's affection, and I don't want that to happen. Sure, I can just regain it any time, but why lose it in the first place?

The second reason I got involved was out of spite. Those Barracuda fuckers ruined my night. I needed that chocolate lava cake, goddamn it. How dare they show up and stop me from getting what I deserve?

If I'm not allowed to get my dessert, then I might as well use a few punching bags to let off some steam and enjoy my time. I haven't really punched anything for a while now. We hadn't been training since before the exams, and I was a little worried I'd gotten rusty.

It doesn't help that we've been bullying common low-class mobs, but it's something at least.

I exit the bedroom and close the door behind me, letting the blond rest as I return to the group in the living room to discuss what happened. We quickly returned to the resort once Asia passed out, knowing that lingering in Honolulu after what we did would be a bad idea. Kind of.

I'm not exactly worried that we're drawing the attention of random dumbass gangs since we can just wipe them out whenever we want to, but still probably not a good idea to hang around the area when one of our own was out cold.

"How's she?" Ichiban is the first to speak.

"She's fine. Just tired." I respond.

"That's good." He says. "It must've been hard for her."

"So hard that she blinded me for a second there." I snort. "I've never seen her Twilight Healing respond to her that well."

I was keeping an eye on the man's stats when she was healing him, and his HP went from like 2 to full in a fraction of a second. In fact, his HP went past full. For a moment, it was showing 200 out of 100.

I'm not wholly sure, but I think Asia was actually tapping into Twilight Healing's Balance Breaker. For a stranger she had never met. Obviously, I don't care, but I don't like that Asia cares too much about people she doesn't know. Being compassionate makes her extremely easy to take advantage of.

Regardless, it's clear she hasn't awakened her Balance Breaker just yet, but that glimpse of it is more than enough to make me very interested.

I also found it interesting and slightly concerning that someone was watching us. They have been ever since we came here. There weren't any cameras around, so I couldn't sense or pinpoint the culprit, and something told me it was not Raynare stalking me again. Definitely not. I would've noticed otherwise.

Whoever they could be, they're good. Are they related to the Barracudas? If yes, then perhaps they shouldn't be underestimated.

"So what are we gonna do now?" Issei nodded. "I mean, we beat them up, and you even killed two of them. The police are probably gonna get involved now."

"No, it's more than that," Kiba shakes his head. "That gang isn't normal. They're most definitely related to the supernatural. Police might be the least of our worries."

Yup. And this brings me to the third reason I bothered with this.

At first, when the Barracudas showed up, I thought it was kind of weird how every single one of them had the same body build. They're all jacked to hell and back, and I thought maybe it was the work of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids. So, I felt curious enough to use Observe on them. See how strong of a boost things like that can be.

I was surprised to see that their physical stats were within the 90-120 range. For reference, the average stat is 10, and an Olympic athlete would have about 30ish as an absolute maximum. These Barracudas' stats have put them at a low-class level, which isn't normal.

So, they must be from a supernatural faction. No drug in the human world can turn someone from baseline human-level to low-class tier.

Which actually made me hesitate to get involved at first. If they're part of a faction, then it's one I'm not familiar with. One I know nothing about. As confident as I am in my own power and the faction I'm part of, I don't want to make an enemy like that.

Especially when we're being watched.

I know when to be careful and when to show my cards. Trying to pick a fight with an unknown adversary would be a stupid move, particularly when it's easy to gather information on me, seeing how popular I've become since the tournament.

Granted, I do have a bunch of backup hidden weapons, but they're hidden for a reason. Not even my closest allies know about my illusion magic, Excelsis, Devour, and Nemesis, and I don't plan on showing anything anytime soon.

I'm just a very powerful human Cryomancer with Yokai ancestry, and I want to keep it that way for the foreseeable future.

Hell, even with the Amon clan, who basically know everything about me, I somewhat know how they operate in return. I know they're good with technology and that they want me to join them. That's some information I can work with.

But whoever these people are? I know jackshit. Naturally, considering where we are, it's a big possibility that these Barracudas actually work for the CIA.

This doesn't help much, seeing that I barely know anything about them either, but it does give me an idea to work with. If these people are part of the CIA, then I need to draw their attention somehow. Why would I do such a thing when I know nothing about them?

Because this is a trap for them.

The CIA should know who I am, so they're not going to retaliate, considering what I did was just beat up a few of their fodders. At worst? They'll snitch to the Tojo Clan, and I'll get a warning not to do something like this again.

At best, and what's likely to happen, they send a messenger telling us to stay away. After so many achievements, I've made a big name for myself, so unless they want to offend me, they're gonna address me properly—face to face.

When that happens, they won't notice the Spyder latching onto their agent, who will lead me to their real base. From there, I'll know everything I need to know about the CIA, making it very easy to compromise them with my tech.

If this isn't the CIA, though? Well, it shouldn't be a problem. I already put a few Spyders on their mobs before we left. In fact, these rats have already led me to their den.

Idiots. Raiding this place would be so easy. But for now, I think it's best we lay low. See if the CIA will try to contact us soon.

"Yuuta's right." I nod. "We might've pissed off a real faction with what we just did."

"It's Yuuto."

"So what, we should've left that guy to die?" Ichiban questions.

"Not what I said," I reply with a roll of my eyes. So dramatic. "Only telling you that there might be consequences for what we did."

"Like what?" Issei asks.

"Like being kicked out of Hawaii for one." I shrug.

"Seriously?!" Issei's eyes widen.

"But we just got here!" Ichiban complains.

"I'm not saying this is what's going to happen." I clarify. "It's just a possibility, as small as it may be."

"Yes. Depending on the offense, we could be told to leave Hawaii. Possibly the US as a whole." Kiba adds with a nod. "But it's highly unlikely. We may have struck first, but we did so protecting an innocent civilian."

"This is also assuming that whoever we attacked is even part of the supernatural government of America," I explain. "This could just be a dumb gang led by a dumber moron who's supernaturally aware."

The two visibly relax at that.

"Why didn't you start with that?" Ichiban sighed. "Almost gave me a heart attack."

"What should we do?" Koneko questions. "Should we go back?"

"No." I shake my head. "We'll lay low in the resort for two or three days and wait for a representative. If nobody shows up, then those Barracuda idiots are fair game."

"Fair game?" Kiba blinked.

"We're going to crush them," I explain. "And I mean it. We're dismantling the entire group."

"Huh?" Issei looks at me in surprise. "But how? I mean, should we really get that involved?"

"They know who we are." Koneko points out. "They'll start looking for us anyway."

"That's true." Kiba hums. "And if they're powerful enough to bend the police to their will, then hiding from them while in Honolulu would be difficult."

"So either we spend the rest of our vacation in the resort twiddling our thumbs," I cross my arms. "Or we take over Honolulu ourselves and kick those motherfuckers out."

I'm still mad about my lava cake, damn it. It's my favorite.

"Akane's right," Ichiban says. "You heard what that waitress said. They go around parades harassing and killing people, thinking they own the city. We can't let that go on any longer."

"I guess I can agree with that." Issei rubs his neck. "What about Irina and Xenovia?"

"They'll be fine," Kiba answers. "They weren't with us. The Barracudas shouldn't know about them."

Which we can use to our advantage. I just need to figure out how to do that.

"It'll be like the good old days." I giggle, glancing at my boyfriend. "Right, Ichi?"

"Hell yeah." He smirks, cracking his knuckles. "Honolulu is awesome, but I can't lie; my fists are starting to feel itchy. I was waiting for someone to start some shit."

"But how are we supposed to do that?" Kiba questions. "We don't know where their base of operations is."

I pause and bring up a recording of the Spyders showing me where the little rats are hiding.

They're in District Five, below a massive homeless encampment inside a derelict building complex. It's in the middle of the city, about a ten-minute walk from Anaconda Shopping Center. The base consists of a big network of underground tunnels. Somewhat confusing, but I don't need to map out the area. I know where they are, and that's all I need.

Unfortunately, I shouldn't have any way of knowing where these Barracudas might be hiding, so I'll have to act oblivious for now.

I leave the Spyders there and have them scan for anything that could cause trouble. Again, I don't know much about the Barracudas, and as weak as their foot soldiers might be, they could be hiding a secret weapon.

But now that we have the upper hand, we should be able to wipe them out easily.

"Isn't it simple?" I interject. "We find one of them and beat the information out of him."

"Ice Queen is so straightforward," Koneko says blankly. Though I detect a hint of approval from her.

"What if they don't have the information we desire?"

"Then we'll cause enough chaos to lure out someone higher-ranking." I shrug.

"That could work." Ichiban agrees. "I mean, think about it. A feared criminal organization getting their asses kicked by a bunch of teenagers. Unless they send someone out to set things straight, people won't take them seriously anymore."

"Then we have a plan," Issei says. "We stay here for a few days. If no representative shows up, we get our hands dirty."

"Pretty much." I nod. "It's really nothing complicated. If anything, one of us can probably do it alone."

The moment I say that, I realize something that makes me pause. Actually…

…Why even bother invading them together? I can go there myself under the cover of the night and slaughter every single one of the Barracudas. I'd be alone, which is perfect because then nobody would see me devouring souls.

I mean, come on, a whole group of low-class level souls? And away from the eyes of the yakuza? I can't say no to that. It's a huge opportunity to grow my stagnating power. The little entertainment-type quests I've gotten while here aren't doing it for me.

What can I say? I've been feeling a little hungry.

All I need to do is make a contingency plan in case I encounter a powerful opponent. Naturally, as I've said before, I'm very confident in my own strength, and while I don't really care about the collateral in case a battle gets too destructive, it would draw way too much attention to my evil persona.

I'd rather cut my losses and escape if it came down to it.

Then again, I'm a little worried about the presence watching us back there. I don't know where they are or who they might be. Anyone who knows about my other persona has to die. Yes, the Amon included. But that will have to wait.

"What's up?" Ichiban asks me, noticing my thoughtful frown. "You got any ideas?"

"No, it's nothing." I wave it off, picking up a controller off the ground and sitting on the couch. "Anyway, enough about dumbass gangsters. Who's down to get their ass kicked in Mario Kart?"

Honestly, I don't know. Should I really take the risk? I don't feel them watching me right now, so it might be possible to strike the Barracudas' base and devour every soul there without that strange presence knowing who I am.

But at the same time, I don't know what kind of method they're using to spy on me. Is it through magical means? Technological? Are they hidden in plain sight somewhere? I don't know anything, and it's bothering me way too much.

If I do hit their headquarters, it'll most definitely draw enough attention that this stranger will trace me back to the resort. Yes, the hiding in the dungeon tactic could work, but I can't risk it because I don't know how they're doing it. Maybe the moment I pop out of the dungeon, I'll instantly be back on their radar.

…No, I can't risk it. A few hundred low-class souls aren't worth the issues this could cause.

Fuck me; my metaknowledge helped a lot, didn't it? Maybe it's time I get some advice from an expert. It's hard to find someone I can have a real conversation with, especially about these kinds of things.

Fortunately for me, the infamous Devil King is a good pal of mine.



– Mizuki –

Swirling the shot glass of whiskey in her hand, Mizuki sighed and rubbed her temples, trying to soothe her growing anxiety. She had always found the ticking of the grandfather clock oddly calming. It's why she loved this bar the most.

Back in Kiyohara after what felt like years, Mizuki had decided to say hi to the locals after she'd visited Tatsu. Not to brag or anything, but she and Akane were celebrities in their hometown. After all, Mizuki was the undefeated champion of Mahjong. Even global masters had failed to usurp her throne as the greatest Mahjong Player. Her daughter's reputation, on the other hand, was a lot more violent. Naturally.

Apparently, the delinquent groups had a massive party after she and Akane had left the town, celebrating that the 'One-Eyed Oni' wouldn't bother them anymore. It made Mizuki pity them, but to be fair to her daughter, she didn't do anything unless she was provoked.

Even though Akane was very easy to provoke, but Mizuki digressed. She'd just felt like visiting her favorite bar. After exchanging a few words with the owner, he was nice enough to give her the place for herself. In return, Mizuki had to take care of the place for some time.

Despite her drinking, Mizuki had no plans to get herself drunk tonight. Just a glass or two to calm her nerves. Besides, she was a trusted customer. This wasn't the first time she'd had the bar for herself. Thankfully, this place was kind of niche. She doubted anyone would come here.

Mizuki sipped from her glass, enjoying the silence. She hated being stuck in her own thoughts, but with a drink in hand, that changed. Honestly, she didn't remember the last time she'd had alcohol in this kind of environment.

What she was about to do might just be one of the stupidest things she could possibly do, but she needed to do this. She had to.

She glanced at the small black button on the countertop next to the bottle of whiskey. A device that she'd kept hidden for years. When her twin brother had backstabbed their father, he'd decided to give her this button in case she changed her mind.

As if he were counting on her to abandon her husband and child and rejoin his family of monsters. She didn't know what was going on in his head at the time. He explicitly told her that he'd leave her alone as long as she and Tatsu kept their mouths shut about the Amon Clan. Then he turned around and gave her this? Was he hoping she'd come back to the Amons?

It pissed her off just thinking about it, and it pissed her off more that she didn't immediately crush the button in her hands. Instead, Mizuki had kept it. Hidden it. Hoped that she would never get to press this blasted button.

Because then, it would mean that he and their father were right. That she couldn't change. At the same time, wouldn't keeping that button prove them correct? She didn't know why she'd do such a thing. Why did she hesitate to destroy it so much?

Mizuki huffed in frustration before she gulped down the rest of her drink. Though as annoying as it made her feel, at least her reason wasn't to rejoin them. Mizuki would rather die before ever doing such a thing.

As she felt the familiar presence shifting near her, Mizuki scoffed.

"So much for the Amon's excellence." She said with a venomous tone. "What took you so long?"

"You're no priority of mine." Her brother responded. "You should be thankful that I bothered to answer your call."

Mizuki said nothing to that. Her eyes narrowed as Jo went to sit on the stool next to hers, resting his elbows on the countertop while folding his hands in front of his face. This surprised her a little— he seemed a little too relaxed.

Naturally, Mizuki wasn't strong enough to defeat him on her own. Not when she was yet to break her seal, but her brother almost never relaxed unless he was in the Amon headquarters. Even against those weaker than him, he'd always be on guard.

Seeing this, Mizuki took her chance.

"So then—" Her brother started.

But she was already on the move, creating a small ice dagger in her hand and swinging it at his face. Within a fraction of a second, the tip of the small blade was less than a centimeter away from his forehead— a mere hair's width away from ending his life.

However, Mizuki stopped as she felt the barrel of a gun pressing against the back of her head. In that instant, another presence revealed itself. One that she didn't entirely recognize. Another Amon. But one she didn't know.

"—why have you called me?" Jo continued as if the freezing tip of her dagger wasn't on the verge of digging into his skull. "I can't imagine you want to be let into the clan again. After all, the legendary Rin Amon died years ago."

Mizuki remained quiet, silently debating if she should risk a bullet going into her brain if it meant she could kill this bastard before—

"I wouldn't recommend it." The other Amon agent said with a playful tone, almost as if he read her mind. "I'm real confident in my speed, y'know. You'd drop dead before you break through the skin."

She took a moment to think this through. She didn't really believe this upstart, but if he was able to get here without her noticing, then he was no joke. Even if she were able to kill Jo, she would probably die as well.

Mizuki exhaled, calming her killer instincts. And she couldn't afford that. She couldn't die and leave Akane alone like this. It wasn't her time yet. Not until she was absolutely sure that her daughter was forever safe from them.

She dispelled her dagger and returned to her drink. The gun stuck to her head was then pulled away, letting Mizuki glance at who this young agent could be, and he looked almost exactly like her brother.

"Smart choice." He snickered. "I don't think I would've been cool with killing my own auntie, to be honest."

So this was Jo's son? The Amon agent that Akane met during Kokabiel's invasion of Kuoh. He had to be. He called her auntie, and she could feel the yokai blood running through his veins.

Something about him feels different. Mizuki noted.

It was hard to tell. But she shelved that thought for now as her brother spoke once more.

"If you called me here to watch you throw a tantrum, get it over with already." He said. "I have more important business to attend to."

Mizuki sat silently, her eyes locked on him, uncertainty brewing within her. With a slight tremble, she poured another glass of whiskey from the nearby bottle. The cold air enveloped them, thickening the silence that weighed heavily in the room. As she contemplated the questions that had haunted her since the tournament, she felt the tension rising every second.

After another exhale, Mizuki worked up the courage to speak.

"Why Akane?" She questioned. "What does she have that you find so important?"

Her brother said nothing, making her continue.

"You've broken so many of the Amon rules just for her," Mizuki added. "You've thrown away everything you were taught in a failed attempt to recruit her. The clan's anonymity was its strongest weapon, and now, many leaders know who you are. What gives?"

She just couldn't understand it. Yes, Akane's growth was absurd, even by a prodigy's standards. And as an Amon by blood, the clan would love to have her be a part of them. Mizuki was sure they were willing to sacrifice a lot just for her. But that much?

It didn't make sense. How desperate were they? She had to be missing something—a crucial piece of information. Could her brother have changed how things worked within the clan? No, it couldn't be. He was always as cautious as their father. Had they found something, perhaps?

Mizuki anxiously awaited his response as Jo took off his shades, putting them aside. His eyes were just like hers— black irises and light blue pupils. The Yokai heritage they shared. One she had never seen him awaken until now.

"Do you know how the universe is designed?" He said.

Mizuki was taken aback by this random question. Although she knew a bit about astronomy and physics, she felt that this wasn't what he was referring to, so she paused for him to explain.

"It does not merely encompass the boundless and ever-expanding cosmos of the human realm. It's much larger than that." Jo started. "The Underworld, the Infinite Heavens of Yahweh, Yggdrasil— all of these dimensions, finite or otherwise, are confined within our universe."

Mizuki remained quiet.

"And yet all of it— This magnificent macrocosm is surrounded by the nigh impenetrable layer. An infinite void where very few can survive its climate. One we know as the Dimensional Gap." He continued. "The birthplace of Ophis. Home of the Great Dragon of Dreams. A world of nothingness."

"Get to the point." Mizuki scowled, losing her patience. "What does any of this have to do with my daughter?"

"Have you ever wondered what lies beyond it?" Jo said, ignoring her irritation.

"I…" She paused, a little surprised by the question. "…Can't say I have. I never was interested."

"Care to make a guess?"

Mizuki only cared to punch him in the face, but she played along for now.

"Nothing?" She answered. "It's an infinite void."

"Incorrect." He said blankly. "The Dimensional Gap is a mere wall. It's what separates us from the greater multiverse."

"What?" Mizuki's eyes narrowed. "You're saying the multiverse exists?"

"Yes." He nodded. "And it's inhabited by monsters beyond anything you could ever imagine."

Mizuki didn't know what to say. For the first time, she'd sensed fear in her brother's voice.

"They're coming here. Perhaps in four or five years." He added. " And when they come, it'll all be over. Not even the combined strength of every faction would pose a challenge."

"What are you on about?" She questioned, feeling confused and a little frightened.

"I'm saying the end of the world is near." He simplified it, looking at her directly. "And the only one that can stop it is your daughter."

Mizuki moved, her powerful aura sending the wooden stools crashing to the floor and shattering the glass bottles on the shelves. With a fierce grip, she seized her brother by the neck, her dark hair turning white as her energy surged around her.

In her overwhelming anger, the air rapidly cooled, transforming the counter and floor into a glistening sheet of ice. This reflected her poor control over her own strength—even when it was sealed.

Once again, she felt the barrel of a gun pressing against the back of her head, but she couldn't care less.

"You will leave my daughter out of your fucked up agendas." She growled.

"The world depends on her—"

"I don't care what kind of idiotic prophecy you stumbled on—"

"It's not a prophecy." He denied. "I lured them here. I've seen them."

Mizuki paused, becoming confused again.

"How do you think I knew about the multiverse? For years, we've been working on a machine that could help us see what lies beyond the Dimensional Gap." He added. "And when we got it working, I saw them. And they saw me. I've made them aware of our world."

Mizuki gritted her teeth.

"Their sole purpose is the destruction of all life. They've already wiped out countless civilizations, and it's only a matter of time before they invade our world. Your daughter is our only hope." He said. "She must be trained in our ways. Her talents must be utilized for a greater purpose."

"Akane isn't your weapon." She snarled. "She's not a tool to be used. She's her own person. She's my goddamn daughter."

"You've seen what she's capable of." Her brother argued. "The bizarre way her power rises. Her absurd talent and growth. Such potential must be realized."

"And it won't be through your filthy, bloodstained ways." Mizuki cut him off. "I don't care what you saw. I don't care what kind of eldritch gods you lured to our world. I will NOT hand my daughter to you or your family of murderous monsters."

Jo remained silent.

"She's not an Amon. She will never be." She reiterated. "She is my and Tatsu Amamiya's daughter. She's our little girl, and I'll be damned if I let any of you lay a finger on her. Her destiny isn't to be a cold-blooded murderer like you."

Mizuki let go of his neck, hatefully glaring at her brother. She truly and honestly did not care what he'd seen, if he was even being truthful, and if he actually thought some 'end of the world' excuse was going to make her understand, then he underestimated the lengths she'd go to for her own daughter.

Nothing in this world could stop her from protecting Akane. Nothing.

"If I ever see you or hear you were around her in any way." She narrowed her eyes, her tone as cold as ice. "I will personally crush the clan. Are we clear?"

Her brother stayed quiet for a few moments, studying her face before grabbing his shades that had miraculously survived her killing presence.

"Your empty threats never amounted to anything." He told her. "Lower your weapons, Shin. We're leaving."

Her nephew, now she knew named Shin, did as he was told with a hum, following his father toward the exit.

"I pity you, Mizuki," Jo said, stopping at the door. "Watching your obliviousness slowly cost you your daughter as everything you've built crumbles around you without realizing it."

"What do you mean?" Mizuki said, feeling confusion and creeping dread from that ominous statement. "What are you talking about?"

"I wonder." He replied blankly. "But know this: Akane is an ambitious soul. She will join her true family of her own volition once she realizes your weakness. After all, only we can offer her what she truly needs."

"Bullshit." Mizuki clenched her fists. "Akane would never do such a thing. She knows right from wrong. I told her the kind of animals you are."

Her brother chuckled at that—something she'd rarely seen him do.

"This blind faith is exactly why you will lose your precious daughter." He said. "Just as you lost your husband before her."

With an enraged roar, Mizuki released the strongest spell she could muster— An ice javelin with enough concentrated magic that it could kill a Satan-class being. Only for it to shatter against an invisible wall surrounding the two Amon agents.

"Goodbye, Mizuki," Jo muttered, exiting through the door.

"For what it's worth, it's been nice meeting you, Auntie." His son waved. However, Mizuki didn't know if he was being genuine or if he was mocking her. "Hopefully, we'll meet under better circumstances next time, yeah?"

With that, he quickly left, going after his father. Mizuki panted in exhaustion as her hands trembled heavily, grimacing at the stinging sensation in her head. She'd nearly lost control and broken her seal in the middle of her hometown.

She fell to her knees, seeing her own blurry reflection in the ice created by her magic leaking from her body. Her hair was snow white, and her eyes were fully blue. They weren't returning to their original colors.

Mizuki inhaled and exhaled deeply, getting her breathing under control as she stared at the door. She knew that going after them wouldn't matter, as their presence had already left the area, likely having teleported away.

Clutching her chest, Mizuki felt a sense of relief. That was too close for comfort. She was one mild inconvenience away from engulfing half of Asia in a perpetual snowstorm.

She stood up and stared down at herself, seeing her still quivering hands before sighing. She didn't know what Jo had been trying to do when he'd said that about her daughter, but she wouldn't let him get into her head.

Mizuki knew that if she got the seal on her magic safely removed, she could keep Akane safe from any threat in this universe and the next.

She knew what she had to do. But she didn't know how she was supposed to do it.

…

…It was a long shot, but perhaps it was time Mizuki had the opinion of the one who'd created the seal.

She could handle a few "I told you so's" by a smug Kyuubi.




– Akane –

"So you wish to raid the organization alone to consume the souls of its members," Lucifer wonders out loud, a hand on his chin. "But you fear this unknown presence gaining leverage over you by possibly learning your true identity."

"Pretty much," I confirm, working on my clone bot. "I have too much to lose to do something so reckless, but I also don't want to waste this opportunity."

Alone with the Devil King in my work-in-progress secret base, I decided to use the few hours I had alone to continue working on one of my other projects. I could help the little bots working on the base, but they have it covered.

It's still pretty much a dingy cave at this point, but it's a big dingy cave, so there's enough space here that I can start working on other stuff. I just needed a table, a chair, and some of the tools I left back home, which I managed to sneak into and snatch from.

As for why I'm working on the clone bot so soon? Because it's not gonna build itself, and I'd rather get it over with as soon as I can. As I've discussed with Lucy before, I know it's not going to be useful on its own, seeing that anyone can just sense its presence, or lack thereof, and tell it's fake.

But building the body itself is the boring, time-consuming part, and I'd rather be done with it once I've figured out a way to trick people into thinking that the clone is the real me. To do that, I think I'm gonna need that Agreasite material Lucy told me about. The one used to make Excelsis.

I'm sure it won't be that simple, but Excelsis has its own presence that's kind of similar to Lucifer's. Meaning it's possible to do the same thing with the clone bots. Probably at a much better degree, seeing that Excelsis was made of too many materials from too many pantheons.

The question now is how and when I should raid that island for its materials. I have no way of going to the underworld, but I do have a few Spyders there still connected to Nemesis, so I just need to make a machine that can open a portal there. It shouldn't be too hard to build.

As for the when? Not sure. I'll need to map out the entire island and its surroundings because while I say I want to 'raid' it, but really, I'd rather just take what I need without anyone noticing. Granted, it'd be impossible to make the connection between this invader and me, but it's better not to make them alert.

Guess I'll have to think about it for a bit more.

"Hmm, have you perhaps considered striking after you and your friends are done with them?" Lucy offers. "After all, you'd be somewhat obligated to avoid killing them, seeing the difference in power. They'll all be alive for you to devour later."

I pause and frown. That's… kind of a strange advice. It'd give investigators hunting down my other persona something to work with. It might work now, but it's terrible for me in the long run, and I'm 90% sure he knows that too.

Weird.

I decide not to call him out on it, though. Just in case I'm overthinking it. Even though he's dead, I don't want to piss him off.

"No. That will make things harder in the long run," I argue. "It might make a connection between me and my other persona. Also, if we dismantle their group, it's doubtful they'd be in one place. They'll scatter."

Lucifer hums in thought.

"And even if they don't, it might come off a little suspicious. Remember, I have no way of knowing where they're hiding right now. If I strike now, no one will be able to frame me as the perpetrator." I point out. "It would've been a foolproof plan if not for this presence I felt back in Honolulu."

"I suppose it would've been." He agrees. "Though I'm a little perplexed. You seem to care about this far more than I thought you would."

"What do you mean?"

"They're mere low-class. Nothing to you." He clarifies. "Even devouring a hundred souls won't make a difference."

"Yeah, but how many organizations have something like that?" I argue. "Think about it. I can't directly attack any of the biblical factions or any pantheon. The CIA isn't weak, and controls the most powerful human country, and the Yakuza are on my side."

"Your point being?"

"The Barracudas are weak as far as we know, but they're way stronger than any regular human gang," I explain. "Yet they're not strong enough to cause any huge trouble if they were to disappear."

How do I know this? Because the location isn't the only thing my Spyders have shown me. First, the chance that the Barracudas are working for the CIA is only going down. It just doesn't make that much sense— there's nothing special about them. No weapon or anything they could be hiding from what my Spyders picked up so far. Just a group of drugged and brainwashed homeless people used to scare the locals into submission. Why would the CIA even bother with that?

Hell, they even have a leader. He's called Dwight Mendez, and his group is allied with a more low-key gang called the Ganzhe, seemingly a Chinese organization. Granted, I don't know much about them either, but at least I've confirmed that the CIA isn't officially backing them.

And last I checked, the US and China don't really like each other that much.

That's not enough information to really satisfy me, though. I mean, I don't even know where this Dwight asshole lives or what his deal is since none of his minions know all that much about him either, but I guess it'll do for now.

I'm gonna guess that he's the one who's been watching us.

"I see." Lucy nods. "Then how about a decoy?"

I pause at his suggestion, giving him full attention.

"Decoy? What do you mean?"

"You have the tools needed to force this stranger to show his hand without having to do the same." He explains. "You're in a position to force him to make a mistake."

"How am I supposed to do that?"

"Isn't it simple?" He raises a brow. "You have the resources to build a decoy, yes?"

"Oh…" I narrow my eyes in thought as I understand his advice. "Huh. That makes sense. Why didn't I think of that?"

I can just build a robot here and send it to scare him off by killing a few of his minions. That'll maybe lure him out of his hiding spot, and once he's out, getting rid of him would be easy. Then, his entire little gang would be ripe for the taking.

If killing his minions doesn't do the trick, then I'll try damaging his base in a way that'll force him to care. I'm sure there's something important enough that'll piss him off enough if I were to destroy or steal it. Maybe a document or a weapon or something.

Hell, it can also work as a test to see how well Nemesis pilots robots during combat. He's done a fantastic job when it comes to research and work bots, but I've yet to see his performance during battle.

"This could work." I nod. "I guess I'll have to switch my work schedule around. The clone bot will have to wait until I build a new combat bot that'll do the job."

Using my armor is a no-no because my friends know about it. Need something new, maybe with the same design philosophy as my gauntlet.

"Naturally." He agrees. "Although this reminds me."

"Hmm?"

"The Nekoshou girl." He mentions. "Have you come up with a way you can deal with her?"

"Koneko, you mean?" At his nod, I hum thoughtfully. "A few."

"Do tell." Lucifer smiles, looking at me with interest. "I'll admit, not having the opportunity to manifest while she's around does get a little irritating."

"First of all, killing her is out of the question if that's what you're hoping for." I deny. "If she dies, Rias will be immediately alerted as the evil piece she used on Koneko returns to her."

"Which will cause a thorough investigation that could lead them to you." He says. "Fair enough. Then what do you suggest?"

"Make a mechanical clone of her," I answer, tapping on my own clone. "While kidnapping the real one and imprisoning her in a place where the sun doesn't shine."

Truth is, while I do like the pipsqueak's attitude and blunt nature, I hate how close she's trying to get to Ichiban. I don't know if she's aware of our relationship or not, but I can't let her influence him. I can't let her get close to Ichiban when he's already very close to someone like Arakawa.

Ichiban belongs to me. He's mine. Like Arakawa, Koneko is a threat that needs to be dealt with as soon as possible. Not only that, but Koneko's Senjutsu makes her an annoyance. Even if I get my clone working with Agreasite, she'll be able to notice the difference.

Because even though Agreasite can mimic my energy, it can't mimic souls. She'll figure it out instantly.

But getting rid of her is a lot easier said than done. As I said, killing her would be a huge mistake. Not only is she close to us, but on the off chance she manages to survive, I'd be utterly fucked.

So the best way is to lock her away somewhere in a place where she can't make contact with her peerage or anyone else, while replacing her with a loyal bot.

"A mechanical clone, you say? Fascinating."

"It won't be easy. Assuming I go through with it." I say. "First things first, I'll have to get a lot of Agreasite. Once I'm sure the clone is good enough to trick people, I'll think about how I should deal with Koneko."

"Fair enough, I suppose." Lucy shrugs.

In the meantime, I guess it'll be good if I have Nemesis study and record Koneko's mannerisms in his database. Like he's doing with me right now. But one thing at a time. Being overwhelmed with too many projects on my mind will only slow down progress.

I push the unfinished mechanical clone of myself away, taking my tools to build my first non-suit combat robot before an emergency notification from Nemesis interrupts, making my eyes widen in shock.

"Three out of fifty Spyders have been compromised." My super AI says. "Initiating self-destruct sequence effective immediately."




– ??? –

He glanced at the broken bits of black metal in his hands, eyes narrowed in suspicion and concern. That's one way to start his investigation. An unknown third party getting involved in something that didn't concern them. And not just any faction, but one good with technology as well.

No, 'good' was underselling it.

He had been waiting for this Overseer to make a move ever since he'd been in Hawaii, and once those Barracudas decided to go on their little parades, he knew this was the chance to infiltrate their ranks and gather information.

So he followed some of them back to their base after their little scuffle with the Tojo kids and the devils, quickly discovering a lot of fucked up things about them. Like the countless homeless people they kidnap, brainwash, and inject with what they call the 'super serum,' creating a small army of low-class warriors.

But he'd expected something like this. Dwight had been a thorn in their side for years before he made a base in Honolulu. He'd gotten a report about his toying with super drugs long before he took the mission. No, what truly interested him was what he sensed latching onto some of the Barracudas.

Tiny mechanical spiders that could barely be seen with the human eye—Advanced beyond anything he'd seen in his life as a CIA agent. A remarkable piece of machinery that, if not for his Sacred Gear, he wouldn't even have noticed.

And when he tried to take control of the thing, try to dismantle it, and see where it came from, it immediately blew itself up, taking away anything he could've used to pinpoint the source and owner of these small robots. So not only were they incredibly sophisticated, but whoever made them was cautious.

Whose machines were those? The only factions that relied on technology were the Yakuza of Kanto and Kansai, the CIA, and the Jingweon Mafia, which had been destroyed years ago. But this? He'd never seen anything like it. Its foundation and design didn't match anything he'd come across.

He had no idea where these things came from, but this was a bad sign. Naturally, he didn't know what they wanted or if they were good or bad, but an unknown faction joining the fray was the last thing he needed. He already had enough on his plate, what with those kids killing a few gangsters.

At least it was done for a good cause.

Magnus Rose exhaled through his nose, putting the broken pieces inside a plastic packet before pocketing it. His Unknown Dictator couldn't restore it— the explosion wasn't anything big, but it was concentrated and strong enough to vaporize anything he could've used for research. No circuit board, no nothing.

This conspiracy was becoming way too big for his liking.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 68 others
Mirlnir
May 12, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 64: Agent New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,016
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu




– Rias –

One might say that Rias should've started with this, but she didn't like relying on her elders too much. Yes, she knew how that made her look, considering how many times she'd ask Sirzechs to spoil her, but it was true. Wanting to be showered with gifts wasn't the same as asking her brother to handle her responsibilities for her.

There were a lot of things that Rias needed to do by herself. Or, at most, with the help of her peers and nobody else. Like taking care of Kuoh, for example, even though Sona was pretty much the one doing all the work.

And with her now busy with something else and Akane out of town, Kuoh was Rias' sole responsibility. She had no one else to help but Akeno and Sona's peerage as her assistance. Despite having her own investigation, Rias was the only one near Kuoh at all.

But she digressed. Even though she didn't like asking for too much help from superiors, Rias knew that there wasn't anything inherently wrong with it, especially when it concerned her beloved peerage. She was getting to the bottom of this one way or another.

So after figuring out she'd never be able to get anywhere in this investigation on her own, Rias decided to get an expert's opinion—one she could trust to reliably explain what could've happened back then. As much as she hated to admit it, this was out of her league.

It didn't help that she'd never taken her studies as seriously as Sona had used to, only bothering to learn the basics about Sacred Gear and such, but Rias didn't have time to hit the books right now. She might do so later, but only after she was done with her investigation.

So, with only one option left, Rias decided to get the wisdom of Satan Beelzebub. One of the most intelligent and accomplished devils in the underworld and maybe even beyond. From being a well-respected and feared commander during the Civil War to creating the Evil Pieces by himself. Surely, someone with his resume would be of massive help to Rias' investigation.

Rias knew that what prevented her from making any progress was her lack of experience and knowledge, which Ajuka had in spades. With him on her side, she'd reach the truth and prove that Gasper wasn't going insane. Something had happened. Perhaps it was caused by a third party.

But Rias was willing to bet that it had something to do with his Sacred Gear going haywire and showing a different timeline. She would keep that insane conspiracy theory to herself, as she didn't want to look like an idiot.

Getting to Ajuka was the hard part. Like the other Satans, Beelzebub was incredibly busy with his own work, and his schedule didn't count for random visits and requests like hers. Fortunately, being the sister of Satan Lucifer, Rias couldn't help but appreciate the advantages of nepotism, as her appeal for an audience with Ajuka took precedence over others' requests.

And so, after waiting for a few days, the time has finally come to put an end to this investigation once and for all. With Ajuka's help, she'd figure things out in no time.

"No," Ajuka said.

Rias stopped, surprised by the sudden response. In his personal library, she observed Satan Beelzebub as he moved from shelf to shelf, looking for a particular book. Honestly, she hadn't anticipated him simply saying 'no.' Why would he? This was likely trivial for him.

"Huh?" She blinked in surprise. "What do you mean?"

"I mean no." He reiterated, his tone blank as he found what he was looking for, picking up an old book with a black leather cover. "If that's all you're here for, then please leave. I'm busy."

"But Lord Beelzebub, I need your help." She said. "Surely something like this wouldn't take much of your time?"

Rias stole a glance at the book. 'The All-Devouring Malebranche' was its title. She wasn't the biggest reader in the world, but she'd never heard of that book before. Which was natural, as this was one of the largest libraries in all the realms. Of which Ajuka had apparently stolen from the Old King's Castle during the Civil War.

The book, covered in a fine layer of dust, revealed a worn cover and pages yellowed with age as Ajuka opened it. Despite its delicate edges, it was surprisingly well-preserved. Whatever this thing was, it looked like a relic.

"Whatever it could be, I'm afraid your bishop has no precedence over my work." He responded bluntly. "You're a smart one. I'm sure you could figure it out eventually."

"I couldn't. That's why I'm here." Rias argued, putting her hand over her chest as she bowed politely. "Please, my lord. I've searched every nook and cranny during my investigation, but I haven't found any evidence. I need someone with your wisdom and expertise."

"And you've never considered that your theory may have been off?" Ajuka replied, flipping through the pages. "There's no evidence to suggest that an outside party was involved in the incident. The vampire may have been imagining things."

"Maybe." She nodded. "But I trust Gasper, and I promised him I'd get to the bottom of this no matter what."

Finally, Ajuka glanced at her.

"If not even you can find anything, then I'll accept that Gasper is mentally ill, do my best to take care of him, and make sure he doesn't get hurt again." She vowed with a frown. "But if there was some kind of foul play at hand, then what kind of King would I be if I let whoever was responsible go unpunished?"

Ajuka remained silent for a moment as Rias maintained eye contact with him, wanting to show her resolve to help her bishop. Despite what she said, she was still 100% convinced that the incident wasn't a fluke. It wasn't Gasper's fault, and she would do anything to prove it.

"…I'm afraid the answer is still no." He rejected her request.

Rias deflated, as she was almost sure that would've convinced him to humor her.

"But Lord Beelzebub—"

"You don't seem to understand, Rias." He said, returning to his book. "I'm one of the leaders of our kind. With or without the peace treaty, coming to Japan without a valid reason could provoke the Yakuza."

"But you do have a valid reason for coming."

"Your bishop attacked an important figure in the Tojo Clan, and he did it unprovoked." He disputed. "Using your investigation as an excuse would be taken as an accusation, inciting more animosity between our faction. So even if I wanted to help, I can't."

Rias wanted to argue, but all she could do was frown sadly. She admittedly hadn't thought of that— it made sense. No matter how you looked at it, Gasper had attacked Akane for no reason. The Yakuza had every right to kick them out of Japan at the time, and only didn't because the peace treaty was right around the corner, and Akane was ultimately unharmed.

The fact that they were letting her investigate at all was a miracle.

"I see…"

"I apologize for disappointing you, but there's nothing I can do." He concluded.

"No, it's fine. You were never obligated to help me anyway." She bowed again. "Thank you so much for granting this audience, my Lord."

Ajuka glanced at her again as she turned around to leave. Well, this was a bust. It was at least worth a shot. But now, what was she going to do? In hindsight, getting someone as politically powerful as Ajuka to do her job wasn't the smartest thing to do.

She needed a genius who worked alone, but nobody she knew fit that bill. Hell, the only freelancer she knew was Akiyama, but she was not close enough to ask him for favors, and she didn't even know where he was right now.

If even Koneko couldn't detect anything weird in that room, then who could help her figure it out? Was it really hopeless?

"Rias."

"Yes?" She looked at him and blinked, surprised by his sudden call.

"Come to my office in a few days." He ordered ominously, returning to his book.

"Um, okay." Rias didn't know what to say. "Of course. As you command, Lord Beelzebub."

That was odd. What did he need from her? Rias wanted to ask him what this was about, but if he didn't explain anything now, then she should probably be patient. He'd shown her plenty of patience already, so it was time she returned the favor.

But for now, it was time she broke the bad news to Akeno. With Ajuka rejecting her request, there really was no one else she could turn to. But Rias wasn't about to give up, so all she could do right now was continue her investigation in Gasper's room for a few more hours.

Even if she had to bang her head against this unbreakable wall, she would do it until it shattered or she died.

If it's for her beloved peerage, Rias was willing to do anything.





– Akane –

Contrary to how I act sometimes, I don't consider myself an 'anxious' person. If anything, I think I just have a healthy sense of cautiousness, but anxiety? Well, I don't really have anything to be nervous about, do I? As long as I keep certain things to myself and avoid stupid mistakes, I'll be okay.

I'm intelligent enough to create nigh-unrivaled super-tech on my own, charismatic enough that most people I know would die for my sake, and strong enough to level entire countries without even trying. Not to mention the backing of the Yakuza behind me. For someone like me, there's so little to worry about. It's not easy to rattle me or catch me by surprise.

That was what I thought before last night.

Sitting beside Ichi on the couch, I pretend to watch the movie, but my thoughts are preoccupied with the unsettling events of yesterday. Thankfully, I don't struggle to hide my anxiety beneath a calm exterior, so no one notices anything weird about me.

Someone compromised my tech.

Some random person somehow compromised MY spy tech that's comparable to the Amon clan's. This shouldn't happen. It's just not possible. I'm more than confident enough that my Spyders can hide from most Tojo tech detectors, and the yakuza is the second most technologically advanced faction I know of.

Who was it? Was it the Amon clan? No, why would they get involved in this? I've made it clear that I'll never join them. Trying to get back at me for declining would only make me want to kill them faster, and their leader should know that.

So who could it be? Whose tech is advanced enough to compromise my stuff somehow? Was it the CIA? But even they don't have what the Tojo clan has. Unless they were working on a secret project or something similar, but if that's the case, how come they've only caught three of my Spyders?

The Spyders were latched onto the Barracuda mobs.

Was it them? Did they have some kind of super tech like me? Rather, was it their leader somehow? A group like them shouldn't have anything of that caliber. Seriously, a faction where the foot soldiers are only low-class? They're a joke.

But their leader. Dwight Mendez. He's the one who's been somehow spying on me, isn't he? How is he doing that? A Sacred Gear of some kind? Through his own tech? I don't know, and not knowing makes me feel anxious and angry.

God, I couldn't even sleep properly last night. After Nemesis' sudden report, I was racking my brain trying to come up with an explanation or a way to hit them back, but I ended up with nothing. For the first time since forever, I feel genuinely concerned.

This is why I fucking hate messing with people I know nothing about. If someone was able to detect and destroy my tech like that, how the hell am I supposed to find them? Whoever it may be, they need to die. I can't have anyone like that exist on the same plane of existence as me.

This whole Barracuda problem just went up on my priority list. From a stupid gang with an annoying Peeping Tom for a leader to a genuine threat that needs to be wiped out. I don't care what their goal is. They're a threat to everything I have and built.

"Akane?" Ichiban suddenly calls my name, looking at me with a tilted head. "You alright? You look a little worried."

A bit startled by his accurate comment yet somewhat strangely appreciative, I respond accordingly.

"I'm bored," I say. "Really, that's the best movie you picked?"

"Eh, I thought it'd be better." He shrugged. "Though to be fair, I don't think it's a good time for a movie anyway. It's bright outside."

True to his word, it's still about 2 PM, very early in the day. As we agreed last night, we decided to stay in the resort for a few days and wait for a CIA representative, assuming they were coming. So far, this is day one, and nobody has shown up yet.

And seeing as we'll be stuck here for a little while, the rest went to play on the beach. Well, Kiba, Koneko and Issei that is. Asia is still asleep after what likely was the most extensive use of her Sacred Gear. She should wake up soon, though.

As for Ichiban—

"Then why haven't you gone with them?" I wonder out loud. "They need an extra set of hands for volleyball."

"Nah, I wanna hang out with you." He replies before scratching his cheek sheepishly. "Or, well, I don't want to leave you all alone, seeing that you wanna stay inside. Not very boyfriend-like, y'know?"

"Aw~" I wrap my arms around his and giggle. "That's so cute~ You're gonna make me fall in love all over again."

The truth is, I just don't feel like playing right now. I'm too busy thinking about what happened, and if I could, I would've left the resort and tinkered in my secret base. Figure out a way to counter this threat somehow. Because I'm not willing to send another bot to Honolulu unless I'm absolutely sure I know what I'm dealing with. I've even recalled all the other Spyders in the city.

Anything that can detect my spy tech isn't to be trifled with.

"I'm serious." He says.

"So am I~" I wink at him. "Really, though. If you wanna go have fun with the rest, I don't mind."

"Are you sure?" He asks. "Feels wrong leaving you all alone."

"I think I can survive without you for a little bit." I playfully roll my eyes. "I'll go check up on Asia and join you guys in a bit."

"Well, alright." He nods. "If you're sure."

I give him a quick peck on the lips before he exits the building, followed by a smirk as, despite him enjoying the attention almost too much, he looks just as shy receiving it.

God, he's so fucking cute.

With him gone, I turn the TV off and approach Asia's room. Opening the door, I see that the blond had already woken up, sitting on the edge of her bed and rubbing her eyes. As she notices me, she gives me a gentle smile.

"Good morning," I say. "Or, well, afternoon."

"Good afternoon, Akane-san." She yawns.

"You feeling alright?" I ask her. "You've been asleep for a while, y'know?"

"Sorry."

"Nothing to apologize for." I shrug. "Come on. We have some leftovers for you. I bet you're hungry."

"Mhm…" She stands up and takes my hand as I lead her outside. "What time is it?"

"Two."

As she takes a seat on one of the chairs around the table, I take something for her to eat and heat it in the microwave. Asia still looks out of it for a few more minutes, having not fully woken up yet, until I put the plate of heated food in front of her.

Once she grabs a fork, she speaks.

"Thank you, Akane-san." She says first. "What happened last night?"

"You don't remember?" I raise a brow.

"Not very well." She shakes her head. "I remember those terrible people beating up an old man. He was in very terrible shape when we went to rescue him. After that, it's all so blurry."

"That's pretty much everything that happened." I shrug. "You used your Twilight Healing to heal him."

"I did?" She looks at me, hopefully. "Is he okay?"

"He'll make a full recovery." I nod, giving her a small grin. "You saved his life, Asia. Good job."

10 Affection with Asia Argento [95/100]

"Oh, thank the Lord." She breathes a sigh of relief. "I'm so glad."

Asia brings up her hand in front of her, manifesting Twilight Healing as a green ring materializes on her finger, making a gentle smile tug at her lips.

"Using this blessing to help those in need is all I ever wanted." She says. "I'm just… so happy that the Lord has chosen me to carry out his kindness to those who need it."

She's so pitiful. If only she knew what became of the god she loves so much. I can't ever imagine her mentally recovering. But I'd rather not ruin her life with the knowledge. I don't want her broken and useless.

Look at me being all nice and merciful. Aren't I just the best?

"Now that you brought it up, if you don't remember what happened at that alley, then you probably don't know what happened to your Twilight Healing." I point out, making her look at me in confusion. "Back then, when you tried to heal the man, your Sacred Gear was on the verge of evolving."

"Eh?" She blinks. "What do you mean? Are you saying I unlocked my Balance Breaker?"

"Almost." I nod. "You almost unlocked it. A little extra nudge was probably all you lacked."

"You really think so?" She looks back at her ring. "Me? Can I really do that?"

"I don't see why not." I snort. "They're unlocked through a great desire or need, first and foremost. Power comes second as a requirement, which you're probably exempt from."

"How come?" Asia asks curiously.

"Well, your Sacred Gear is a support type." I remind her. "So it's unlikely to push your body to its limit like how Ichi's works."

"That does make sense…"

I'm actually very curious what her Balance Breaker would be like. If it's basic healing in its first stage, then would it simply be stronger healing? Maybe certain buffs of some kind? I don't know, but I'm intrigued.

I'm not sure how I'll push her to unlock it, but I guess I'll have to involve her more in our escapades. A sink or swim approach. Perhaps literally. We'll see.

"Akane!"

I pause and glance at the front door, spotting Ichi standing there looking at me with a concerned expression.

"You may wanna come outside." He tells me, pointing at something behind him.

I blink, then frown in confusion. Did they finally send someone? Huh. I genuinely thought they wouldn't. Maybe these Barracudas are related to the CIA somehow.

"Is everything okay?" Asia asks me.

"Probably." I nod. "Don't worry about it, alright? Finish up your food, and we can play a little volleyball later."

"Okay."

With that, I leave the blond to her own devices and head outside with Ichiban. He leads me to the gate at the resort's perimeters, and on the way, I ask Ichiban what's going on. Because at that very moment, I sense it.

There's someone powerful I don't recognize.

"Dunno." Ichiban shakes his head. "Some guy at the gate is asking for you."

Once we arrive at the gate, we see him. Being stopped and cautiously observed by the devils and Issei is a person I'm not familiar with— a tall and muscular blond man wearing a blue Hawaiian shirt, cargo shorts, sandals, and a casual pair of shades.

Naturally, the first thing I do is use Observe on him.

Name: Magnus Rose

Title: CIA Supernatural Division Captain

HP - 450,000

MP - 300,000

SP - 500,000

Race - Human

LVL - 810

STR - 5267

END - 4677

DEX - 5214

INT - 2500

WIS - 2000

CHA - 1000

LUK - 100

Thoughts about you – Thinks you're either a nuisance or a possible asset. Regardless, he respects your strength and sense of justice.

Reputation - 10

Affection - 0

Oh. Oh, he's not a joke, is he? I mean, I'm confident I can defeat him on my own, but that's a whole bunch of stats in what I assume is his relaxed state. If he can use Touki or has a Sacred Gear, then he's easily Satan-class. Interesting.

I keep my composure as he notices me, getting in front of the group and standing before him.

"Akane Amamiya." He acknowledges me, showing me his badge. "I'm Magnus Rose. CIA."

"So it seems," I reply curtly. "Can I help you?"

"It came to my attention that you were responsible for the deaths of two Barracuda members in Honolulu." He tells me. "You realize getting involved with gangs isn't exactly wise, young lady."

"Oh, cut the bullshit. A bunch of low-class nobodies couldn't put a scratch on me in my sleep." I roll my eyes. "So you have a warrant for my arrest or…?"

2 Reputation with Magnus Rose [12/100]

"No, I'm not here to arrest you." He snorts. "But I need to tell all of you to stay out of their business."

That's one hell of a way to sound suspicious.

"Why?" I frown. "We were only trying to save someone."

"I'm well aware." Magnus nods. "But the Barracuda are currently under investigation after being suspected of endangering civilians through supernatural means."

Very suspicious. We haven't even gotten involved yet; they're already telling us off. They're definitely related to whatever the Barracudas are doing. This means the probability of them being the ones compromising my tech just went up massively.

I'd say about… sixty percent.

"So, for everyone's safety, try to avoid them." He adds. "I'm sure you can take care of yourselves, but this is our job, not yours."

Before I can reply, Ichi beats me to it.

"Let us help." He says, stepping up to Magnus. "We've seen what these people did. We can't let them get away with it."

"I respect the enthusiasm, but this is an adult's job." He responds dismissively. "You lot came here for a vacation. So enjoy it."

"And just ignore innocent people in danger?" Issei frowns. "What kind of people do you take us for?"

"I'm afraid we're already in too deep, Mr. Rose," Kiba adds. "We've defeated a handful of them, and Akane even killed two of them. We're targets."

"And I'm giving you an out." He argues. "I'll make sure the Barracudas won't bother you anymore. Just stay out of my way."

I don't know if he's intentionally phrasing his sentences like that, but he's really not doing himself any favors. He just looks more and more suspicious by the second. What the hell are they trying to do here?

"Not gonna happen." I refuse. "We've already decided to wipe them out, and you can't stop us."

"Princess, this is a serious issue we're dealing with here. This is no place for children to play around." He says, clearly growing annoyed with our attitude. "Unless you want me to call the Yakuza on you? I'm no snitch, but if you leave me no choice, then—"

"Do it." I snort, giving him a smirk. "You really think I'm scared of what Majima or Daigo have to say?"

Not really. They wouldn't even pull me out of Hawaii if I explained the situation to them. Really, this just makes the CIA look pretty damn suspicious. What are they trying to hide here? Or protect? Is there something massive in Hawaii, and nobody knows about it?

Whatever it is they're trying to do here, they want to make it a secret. Magnus informing Daigo would just put the Tojo Clan chairman a little on edge. Maybe to the point of sending a few agents to investigate, which would jeopardize the CIA's plan here.

Like always, I win. Again and again. I'm just allergic to losing.

"Thing is, we're already in too deep. You can't push us out, and you know that, too. Intimidating us isn't going to work." I shrug. "So you have two choices here."

I bring up one finger.

"One: You leave and let us do whatever we want, which would include wiping out the entire Barracuda gang off the face of this planet," I say. "I've been craving a mouthwatering chocolate lava cake for a while, you see, and those sons of bitches stopped me from getting my treat, so they're pretty damn high on my shitlist."

"You're still mad about that?" Ichiban looks at me in exasperation.

"Of course I am!" I pout. "They had the best-rated one in all of Honolulu. I was looking forward to it since we were in Japan."

"Ice Queen is so petty~" Koneko giggles quietly.

"And two?" Magnus ignores our banter, though he doesn't look like he finds it annoying.

I look back at him as my smirk returns. It's not every day I do this— I generally prefer to work alone or be the 'leader' of my party, but let's just say I have an excellent idea.

"We work together," I suggest. "You let us in on your investigation, and we offer you our expertise."

"Expertise?" He raises a brow.

"Four Sacred Gear users, one of which is a very good healer, a devil-reincarnated Nekomata with exemplary senses, and yours truly." I point at myself. "Slayer of the Warhawk and Destroyer of the Beelzebub bloodline. Champion of the Devils. Immaculate at everything she does and a peerless engineer. Perfection given form: Akane Amamiya."

You know, I've just realized that I have a very good resume. Wow. People should praise me more.

3 Reputation with Magnus Rose [15/100]

"Perfection, huh?" He snorts. "I'd try to be a little humble if I were you. Pride cometh before the fall, miss."

"I don't care about your outdated expressions. It's just the truth." I reply. "But I digress. The point is, we could help you a ton. You may think of us as a bunch of rowdy children, but we're rowdy children who defeated Kokabiel and fought back an invasion from the Old Satans."

I offer him a hand.

"So what do you say?"

The reason I'm doing this at all is because… well, let's just say that I sense an opportunity of some kind. Naturally, I don't trust him or his group at all, but isn't this the perfect chance to learn more about him and the CIA?

More than that, I'm a bit interested in this investigation of his. Let's just assume that he's not working with the Barracudas and that he really is here to stop them. First of all, why send a guy like this? He's way too fucking strong for a bunch of juiced-up thugs.

There's definitely some kind of conspiracy, and I know that if I get involved, it'll help me out in the long run. Maybe I'll find a bigger target to use my Devour on because right now, the Barracudas don't sound as appetizing anymore.

I guess I'll have to wait and see. I don't know much about him, but this Magnus Rose looks pretty tempting. Soul-wise, I mean. He's too old for my taste. And his dress code is atrocious. Then again, it helps him blend in more. Black suits don't really 'fit' the whole Hawaiian vacation vibe.

Magnus takes a moment to think it over before sighing deeply and rubbing his neck.

"They're not gonna be happy about this…" He whispers to himself. "But, well, better I have you kids under my watch. Can't have you running around and causing trouble."

He takes my hand and shakes it.

"Fine. You have a deal." He nods. "There's a bar called Revolve in Little Tokyo in Honolulu. Meet me there in the evening."

"Sure thing." I give him a thumbs up.

Magnus waves and leaves the resort's perimeters, getting in a black car he parked nearby before driving off.

Didn't take much effort to convince him, but that should be obvious. Most people would fold under the pressure, too. Very few people can say 'no' to my face. And anyone who would do such a thing is a sinner that deserves to get their ass kicked anyway.

"Man." Issei is the first to speak after Magnus leaves. "We're gonna work with the CIA."

"Secret Agent style," Ichiban's eyes sparkle in excitement. "Holy shit, that's so fucking cool!"

"Bro, we gotta dress the part!" Issei says in agreement. "Black suits and all that."

"Don't be a dumbass. You wanna look easily recognizable?" I scoff. "Besides, I doubt a suit would look good on you."

"I would totally rock a suit." He disagrees.

"It's kind of hard not to, I think." Ichi crosses his arms and hums in thought.

As he glances at me, I grin.

"You just imagined me in a suit, didn't you?" I accuse him with a knowing look, making him flinch. "You don't have to explain— everyone knows I'd look sexy wearing one. In fact, I'd say I wear it better than all of you."

I should try my hand at wearing a suit. A black and red one to keep up the theme. I mean, I can't have gone on for this long not wearing one when I'm literally a Yakuza princess. Feels a little wrong. I'm sure I'd look stunning in one.

It's just one of the many advantages of being me. I look good in everything.

Yes, even a magical girl outfit.

God, I love being me.




– Magnus –

Admittedly, he had a feeling that something like that could've happened in the sense that he'd end up recruiting the kids for his mission. The girl brought up a bunch of good points— they were all useful in their own right, and having a decent backup in case things went south was always wise.

Sure, he was involving the Tojo Princess in possibly one of the most dangerous missions he'd been on, but she seemed eager and insistent on joining. And someone with her achievements, it was hard to outright reject her offer. The 'children who don't know what they're doing' excuse didn't really work when those same children had fought Kokabiel and the Old Satans before. They were powerful kids with decent experience under their belts.

They did seem too enthusiastic for his taste, though. Especially the Princess. Although the rest of the group looked motivated out of their sense of justice, the Amamiya girl looked almost opportunistic, but Magnus just didn't know why. It was bizarre.

Was she hoping to find something in particular? As far as he knew, Honolulu and Hawaii as a whole had nothing interesting about it besides the sleeping goddess somewhere on a hidden island. But she couldn't possibly know that. Pele's existence was highly classified. Not many were aware that she was still alive, even on the supernatural side of the world.

Of course, Magnus could be just imagining things. His paranoia merely getting the better of him. Why would a young Yakuza girl from Japan know anything about that? What could she possibly know? It just didn't make sense.

Honestly, he really hoped that was the case because what he figured out from meeting her was anything but comforting.

Driving back to Honolulu, he pressed on his earpiece.

"Keep an eye on the Princess." He said. "She's the prime suspect of our little third party."

"Are you serious?" Another agent questioned. "The spoiled brat is who we should be worried about?"

"Dead serious," Magnus replied. "I detected the presence of highly advanced tech in her eyes. A pair of lenses, it looked like."

"Could just be a toy from the Tojo Clan, no?" He questioned. "I mean, they gave her that mech suit a while back during the devil tournament, didn't they?"

"No." Magnus insisted. "It's not the same."

His fellow agent remained silent for a few moments.

Ever since he'd found the tiny spider-like bots latched onto some of the Barracudas, he knew that they could be dealing with something much worse than they'd expected. Who were they? What did they want? Did they know about Pele, too? Did they want to awaken her?

All of these questions had to wait. Magnus knew that he had no leads. At least, not for now. Not when whoever they were was so cautious. So, instead of mindlessly investigating Honolulu for them, he focused on figuring out the Overseer's identity. After all, that was the head of the snake. Once it was cut off, the cleanup afterward would be smooth sailing.

So when he'd gone to tell the kids to stay away from the Barracudas— when the Tojo Clan Princess had shown up to confront him, he'd immediately noticed them. Her two highly advanced lenses. Impressive technology she shouldn't have.

Technology with a very similar design philosophy to those little spider bots. It didn't feel like the Tojo tech at all.

Without Unknown Dictator, he would've never noticed it or the similarities. It was hidden even better than her spying tech— Something that was already remarkable enough. Just what the hell was he dealing with? Was she really just some kind of absurdly powerful kid? What was she hiding?

He had many questions and internally debated if he should confront her on the matter, but he decided it'd be better to bide his time for now. Magnus knew better than to accuse her of things. He still had no idea why she was here and what she wanted.

She could still be doing something righteous. Perhaps, like him, she was simply trying to infiltrate the Barracudas to find a way to stop them permanently. Admittedly, Magnus didn't know how much she knew, but for now, he'd play dumb. With how cocky and full of herself she seemed, she was bound to make a mistake. Confronting her and making her cautious would be idiotic.

"…Well, you're the one with the tech Sacred Gear." The agent sighed after a moment. "Understood. We'll be keeping watch."

Although the chances of it were low, Magnus hoped she wasn't using her tech for anything malicious.

He despised hurting children.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 65 others
Mirlnir
Jun 3, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 65: Foreign Investigators
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,023
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


"So not that I'm complaining…" Ichiban starts as we walk around Honolulu. "But why are we here so early? Didn't that guy tell us to meet him during the evening?"

"Why not? We waited for a representative. He showed up. We made plans to meet up with him later." I reply. "Now, we can go wherever we want. Unless you're fine staying in one place for no reason?"

Truthfully, there is a reason why we're here early. Right after Magnus left and went back to Honolulu, I decided to go there as well. I didn't want to stay in the resort for too long, now that I kinda have a lead on who the fuck's spying on me.

And with permission from the CIA, we're now sure that we haven't done anything particularly wrong besides messing with their 'investigation' a little bit, which we've already decided to compensate for after offering to help Magnus.

So, by going early, I thought maybe I should have a more direct approach to my investigation. After all, there's a huge risk in letting my Spyders do the job for me. Hell, I even put away my lenses for the time being, thinking maybe they'll be compromised as well.

And while there's no risk of them exploding in my eyes and hurting me, that'll just make it so the culprit knows who made the Spyders and who sent them. It'll be like painting a target on my back. It's utterly idiotic.

This, of course, means that I won't be able to read any of Nemesis' reports or updates regarding the base while here. But that's fine. I trust my super AI enough to do the job. He's been nothing but outstanding ever since I made him, and he's improving with every passing day.

"Ichi is scared of the Barracuda." Koneko teases.

"I'm not scared of some amateur gang overdosing on steroids." He scoffs.

"No, but seriously, why are they all so buff?" Issei questions. "Every single one of them."

"Right? It's so weird." Ichi flexes his arm. "I mean, even after all that training I did with Saejima-san, I don't look anywhere near something like that. I'm pretty sure it is steroids. Or something like it."

I understand his point, but he seems to underestimate himself. While his biceps might not be as large as my head, he is quite fit and has great muscle definition, which I really appreciate. But instead of reassuring him, I decide to tease him.

"Don't worry, Ichi, I'll protect you," I promise.

"Oh, please." He squints at me. "Remind me who won the last time we fought?"

"I let you win," I reply with a shrug, not bothered at all. "Wouldn't have been a very exciting finale if I kicked your ass in five seconds."

Honestly, he should've just stayed quiet because he just reminded me to fix that little hierarchy error, seeing that I'm far stronger than I was during our last fight. Besides, if we compare base powers only, I can turn him into a red paste in seconds.

But maybe that's not fair. And it wouldn't be satisfying unless I beat him at his best. Really. Arrogant as I may sound, I'm confident enough to defeat a fully charged Ichiban now. He doesn't really stand a chance.

While his training with Saejima during the exam period likely toughened him up significantly, as I remained static stat-wise, it doesn't concern me too much. Completing that quest made up for months of potential stagnation.

"Yeah, keep telling yourself that." Ichi doesn't sound convinced. "Honestly, even the gangs back home are scarier."

"Because back then, they could actually kill you." I point out. "But now, all of us are too strong for a bunch of low-class mobs to damage us."

"Pfft. Mobs." Issei snickers. "That's so accurate when you really think about it."

"Weak. Annoying. Bad loot." Koneko agrees.

"Only one Experience Point for each you defeat to prevent easy farming," Ichiban adds before sighing. "Man, if only we could level up in real life. Would've made things a lot easier."

I bring up my stat page and smile to myself. This conversation is just too funny.

"I have no idea what they're talking about," Kiba says.

"Me neither." Asia nods, as lost as him.

"So anyway—" Ichi stretches his arms before glancing at me. "Are we going somewhere specific, or…?"

"Right, well…" As I stop, so does everyone else. I turn to look at the group and address them properly. "As much as I hate to say it, we're not here to play this time. We have a job to do."

"We do?" Issei blinks. "Rose-san told us to meet him during the evening at a bar. But it's still three PM."

"We're not gonna meet up with him right now. We'll check out Honolulu for any suspicious activity." I explain. "Anything about the Barracuda or the supernatural in general."

"I suppose I can understand, but shouldn't we wait to hear what Rose-san has to say first?" Kiba points out. "Perhaps that will help make our investigation more efficient."

"Under the assumption that he's 100% trustworthy, yes. For sure." I nod. "But I don't trust him. And you shouldn't either. What makes you sure that he is here to prevent some kind of disaster?"

Kiba doesn't argue as he hums thoughtfully. Come on, it's the CIA. More often than not, they're the bad guys. They're probably here to do something fucked up.

"Obviously, not telling you to disregard everything Magnus tells us. If anything, whatever he says is more likely to be true than false." I continue. "I'm just saying to be cautious. We don't know what his true goal is, and the possibility of him being malicious is there."

"Aren't you being a little presumptuous, Akane-san?" Rias' Knight says.

"Maybe. Maybe not. Really, call it a gut feeling, but a part of me feels that there's a huge conspiracy hidden here. And the CIA is desperate to either cover it up or get rid of it." I add, sharing a little of what I actually think. "And it's most definitely related to the Barracuda. Could be a dangerous artifact or something else."

"Even if that's true, what are we supposed to do about it?" Issei asks. "I mean, I'm not good at this politics business, but this isn't really the yakuza territory, right? Or the devils'. Should we really get involved in something like that if it's as big as you think it is?"

"Of course we should, Issei-san." Asia quips. "If people's lives are at stake, then we have to help."

"I know that, but what if we make it worse?" He says, doubtful. "Kokabiel incident and Old Satan invasion aside, we're still a bunch of kids compared to professionals. Wouldn't it be better if we were better informed before making a move like that?"

…You know, as pathetic as it is to hear this from someone who's supposed to be on my side, I can at least offer the tiniest sliver of respect for Issei for displaying some level of humility. Unfortunately, he cancels out that respect by daring to imply that I am unqualified. Me. The Ultimate Being.

I don't care if he thinks he's useless. Why lump me in together with him? Does he think we're equal? What a joke. If I weren't so merciful and kind, I would've beaten him to an inch of his life for disrespecting me. He should be thankful I'm such a good person.

"What's with the quitter talk?" I raise a brow. "Come on. Think about this. We're probably the strongest group in all of Hawaii right now. Hell, I'm more than confident enough to take on Magnus by myself in case he turns out to be a dickhead. With all of you? Who could stop us, really?"

"When you put it like that…" Issei looks less hesitant.

"It'll be fine, dude," Ichiban assures him. "To be honest, I fully agree with Akane. It's probably best if we try to be a little more independent. Y'know, in case things are a lot deeper than they may seem on the surface."

He steps up to stand next to me.

"Putting all our trust in a guy we barely just met isn't the smartest thing to do. Especially seeing as he's a special agent of a different faction." He gives me a nod before looking at the rest. "We gotta stay sharp. Do our own thing in case there's some kind of foul play at work."

My lips stretch into a pleased smile at Ichiban's argument supporting mine. I know I call him a dumbass a lot, but that's more in social situations or just to tease him. In reality, Ichi is quite intelligent when it matters, despite his occasionally annoying and sentimental attitude. And again, that isn't a sign of idiocy. It's just a sign of weakness. Imperfection.

Though, at the end of the day, I can't expect perfection from someone else when I'm still standing here. As a certain super-powered cockroach once said, 'You're either perfect, or you're not me.'

We're going to ignore the little heart flutter I felt when he gave his opinion, though.

"Exactly. See? Ichi agrees." I playfully elbow Ichiban's side and wink at him. "You need to have a little faith."

"Akane-san is right," Asia says, giving me a resolute smile. "We have to be more proactive. Maybe we can help more people that way."

"Hn." Koneko grunts in agreement. "I was getting bored anyway."

"I suppose it wouldn't hurt." Kiba nods. "Should we split up?"

"Yes. We'll do this in pairs." I confirm. "We can cover a lot of ground that way. And if one of us gets in danger, someone will be there to back them up or retreat and regroup with the rest. Just in case."

"But what if we don't find anything?" Issei questions.

"Then, oh well." I shrug. "Better than not having done anything."

Personally, the longer I am in the dark, the worse I feel. I need to get to the bottom of this as soon as I can. Get rid of this anxiety I've felt since some of my Spyder tech got compromised. I cannot have someone know about my other identity or even get close to discovering it, no matter the cost.

"So, how are we doing this?" Ichiban asks. "Who's going with whom?"

"About that…" I hum in thought.

Before I can separate us into appropriate pairs, Asia interjects.

"Is it okay if I go with you, Akane-san?" She requests. "I promise I'll be helpful."

I think about it for a second before realizing that it would be a waste. I don't know how she expects herself to be useful to me. She's the least experienced out of us and too gullible to work as an 'investigator' meaningfully.

Not exactly an idiot, but when it comes to work like this, I trust her the least. Which is saying something, considering Issei exists.

However, realistically, I think the best one at the job would be Koneko.

"Well…" I don't say it to her face, though, glancing at my boyfriend for his opinion.

"Sure. I don't see why not," Ichiban says with a shrug as he sees me hesitating. "I mean, I know I'm your bodyguard and all, but you and I are the strongest here. Would it really be smart to put most of our firepower in one place?"

…I hate that he makes a good point.

"Sure. You're right." I agree, hiding my disappointment so as not to hurt Asia's feelings. "That does make the most sense."

"Right?" He grins. "Then Koneko and I will go together. I'm not really the sharpest or best at sensing things. I'd say I'm the worst at it if anything, so…"

I notice the pipsqueak perking up at the suggestion, but I once again hide my true feelings of annoyance. I really hate this, but I also don't want to come off as insecure because what do I have to be insecure about? Getting cucked by the brat? Oh please.

Ichi is too loyal to look at another woman that way — using 'woman' very loosely here — and if she knows what's best for her, she will keep her hands to herself. Otherwise, I'll rip her spine out of her underdeveloped body.

I almost want her to try something because then I'd have an excuse to do something like that.

"And I'm left with the other guy in the group. Again." Issei sighs in disappointment but doesn't argue.

Likely out of fear of getting torn a new one.

"Then it's settled," Ichiban says. "We'll meet near the Revolve Bar in two hours. Once we're done with Magnus-san, we'll share what we found."

"Alright." I nod. "Asia and I will take the western section past Crystal Aloha Resort. Ichi, you, and Koneko will do the same on the eastern side, which should also cover the northern parts of Honolulu."

The reason I took West is because that's where the Barracuda base is. Or rather, where the giant homeless encampment that hides their base is. I don't expect to find anything, but it'd be nice to physically scout the area myself.

"So Issei-san and I will look around Waikiki Beach, then," Kiba suggests before looking at Issei with a knowing look. "Hopefully, that's enough to compensate for having to go with another guy."

"A million times over." Issei clasps his hands together as he bows my way. "Thank you so much, Akane-sama!"

"Yeah, sure." I roll my eyes. "Just remember you're not there to gawk at women. You have a job to do."

"Yes, ma'am!"

I don't trust him, but at least Kiba will be there to keep an eye out. I mean, I don't entirely trust that guy either, but better him than Issei.

"Then let's move," I say. "We don't have much time before we have to meet with Magnus."

With that, we split up in pairs, all of us going in different directions. Am I confident that one of us will find something that could tell us more about what's happening? Not really. It's likely that we won't find anything useful, not when my Spyders found nothing besides the Barracuda base. But as I told Issei, it's better that we try than twiddle our thumbs and do nothing.

Who knows? Maybe we will find something that my tech couldn't.

I'll try to keep my expectations low, but it doesn't hurt to hope.





– Kiba –

This was not quite the direction he'd expected this vacation to take, but admittedly, he didn't entirely dislike it. It felt a little exciting. Yuuto was intrigued. An adventure away from home? Some kind of conspiracy in Hawaii? Wasn't that fascinating?

Not to say what he'd been experiencing beforehand was boring or anything. He was loving his time in Hawaii. It was probably the most fun he'd had in years. During his time in the underworld and even in Kuoh, there had never been a lot of opportunities to let loose like this.

Most of his time was usually spent studying at school, training with the rest of the peerage, or general work as Rias' servant. However, Rias wasn't strict when it came to work and focused more on having fun with them than actually working. Even though Yuuto somewhat appreciated it— this normalcy he had never experienced, some days could get unbearably boring.

He never got to enjoy vacations because Rias never went on any. He had nothing against his King, but the magic of living in Japan had disappeared very quickly when doing schoolwork was expected of them.

Of course, he wasn't counting the conflicts they'd had since Akane had come to Kuoh. That girl was definitely a magnet for trouble, from the low-ranked fallen angels to Kokabiel to an entire invasion from the Old Satans. All of them in quick succession, too. Prior to that, they'd barely gotten in any trouble.

But he digressed. A vacation like this was something he most definitely needed. No responsibilities to concern himself with. Just him, his friends, and a good time. For a whole month in one of the nicest places on the planet.

It would've been even better had Rias and Akeno come with them, but his King seemed certain that whatever happened to Gasper wasn't the Dhampir's fault. That someone had somehow gotten involved.

He kept it to himself, not wanting to outwardly doubt Rias, but Yuuto didn't really think so. Even though Koneko and Akeno believed her, it just never really made sense to him. How and why would that happen? Who would have a grudge against Gasper of all people?

Even if he had enemies Yuuto didn't know about, how were they able to come to Kuoh undetected and get him to attack Akane and then disappear off the face of the earth? Hell, it happened after the Kokabiel incident, the only person who'd tried to cause a war between the devils and the yakuza.

Again, he never said anything out loud, as he didn't want to hurt his friends' feelings. And would it really hurt if Rias investigated? She'd be disappointed if she didn't find anything, but that'd be about it, right? He recalled her saying something about catching up to them once she was done, and thirty days was a lot of time. She was likely to finish before they left Hawaii.

Unless the CIA decided to kick them out, anyhow, and that seemed to be unlikely at the rate things are going. With Magnus Rose accepting their offer of assistance and all.

"Aw, man. This is the best." Issei said, ogling dozens of women in colorful swimsuits. "The women here are huge~!"

"Did you already forget why we're here?" Yuuto sighed. "Please focus, Issei-san."

"How can I? Are you even seeing what I'm seeing?" He replied. "This is heaven, man. We're in heaven."

He probably wouldn't agree, but Yuuto was starting to think that the placement for each pair was a little off.

"Issei-san, we're here for an important job." He reminded the human. "Pleasure can wait until later. You wouldn't want to disappoint Akane-san, right?"

Mentioning her name seemed to do the trick as Issei visibly hesitated, remembering who he was trying to impress. Probably. It didn't take a genius to realize he had the biggest crush on her. Yuuto found it a little pitiful seeing how she usually treated him. While she was never outright abusive to him, Akane liked using him as the butt of her jokes a lot of the time.

Besides, he'd never had a chance with her. Almost everyone but Issei had already noticed that Akane and Ichiban had gotten together, while Issei thought they were still love rivals. Nobody had the heart to tell him. Not even Koneko, who usually wouldn't waste a chance to tear into him.

But doing so would sting her as well, so that's probably why she held off on that. The poor thing.

"Ugh, you're right." He grunted, closing his eyes. "Innocent lives are at stake. I can't let myself be distracted."

"Good." Yuuto nodded. Then, he hummed in thought. "Though honestly, I'm not sure what we should be looking for exactly…"

Telling them to look for 'supernatural activity' was incredibly vague. Yuuto couldn't sense anything for miles; anything supernatural usually stayed away from populated areas like this. From Stray Devils to anything more significant. Then again, Koneko had told him that she and Akane had stumbled onto one of the Fallen Angels who had attacked Kuoh.

Raynare, if he recalled correctly. And according to them, she wasn't here to cause any trouble, seemingly enjoying a vacation herself. A strange coincidence for sure, but she wasn't really a threat now that Kokabiel was dead. If she were reporting to anyone, it'd be to Azazel, who was more or less an ally.

As for the Barracuda? Well, they'd found none, as if they'd disappeared entirely, which was surprising, to say the least. Yuuto was almost sure the gang would start patrolling the city looking for them, but they did not. Perhaps they were scared? That was the only logical explanation. Akane and Ichiban were very powerful— very few in the world could actually match them in strength, and the former's aura and killing intent were nothing short of terrifying.

Her power could still be felt even while in an idle or resting state. It reminded Yuuto that underneath all that haughty attitude and ego, Akane was a monster that could easily back up most of her arrogant claims, which was a rarity in this day and age.

"Hmm…" Yuuto scanned the beach again. "What do you think, Issei-san? Any ideas?"

"Holy shit, that one has to have the biggest rack I've ever seen." He whispered, staring at a woman sunbathing.

Yuuto facepalmed and sighed in exasperation.

"Issei-san."

"Uh, yeah. Yeah. Sorry." He cleared his throat. "We don't really have anything to start with, so how about the resort over there?"

He pointed at the luxury resort at the far right edge of the beach— Crystal Aloha Resort. A five-star resort with an outside bar, a huge pool, and several private booths.

"You think we'd find something there?"

"Well, no. Not really. But well…" Issei paused for a moment, coming up with a way to articulate his thoughts properly. "Okay, so I was thinking like this. We know how gangs and stuff typically have a leader, right?"

"Usually, yes." Yuuto nodded.

"And with the Barracuda being powerful enough to go on parades and bribe cops, then they gotta be well-off, right?" He rationalized, making Yuuto nod again. "Right. In that case, maybe their leader would want to use some of the money for personal pleasure and stay in the nicest place in Honolulu."

"I see." Yuuto hummed. "But we are talking about the leader of a supernatural faction. Usually, they'd try to be a lot more cautious than that."

"Yeah, that's why I'm not confident." Issei chuckled sheepishly. "It's worth a try, though. From what we saw, if the faction is mostly low-class humans, then maybe their leader is a human, too."

"And humans blend in with other humans effortlessly." Rias' Knight agreed, then smiled. "Your logic is very sound, Issei-san."

"You think so?" Issei rubbed his neck bashfully. "I just thought it kinda makes sense, y'know?"

"It does," Yuuto said, walking to the resort. "Let's go."

"But how are we gonna look for them?" His partner asked. "I don't think it'd make sense to check out every room there, right? It would take us ages."

"For sure." He nodded. "But we should try to stake out the building at least. Perhaps we could find a lead."

Assuming Issei was correct, then their leader should be in one of the suites, and only the highest three floors of the building had those. It still didn't help them all that much, but this was in case they needed someone to infiltrate.

Once the two made it to the resort's grounds, they stopped in their place as a pair of familiar faces walked out of the building, making Yuuto clench his fists and narrow his eyes. The two exorcists immediately noticed them, the blue-haired one glaring back at Rias' Knight in suspicion.

Those two again, huh? He'd heard from Akane and Issei that they'd met them at the waterpark, but what are the odds of meeting them again? The news of these Excalibur wielders being anywhere in Honolulu was annoying enough. Having to interact with them in any way? What a pain.

Xenovia seemed equally as irritated as he, being a 'filthy devil' and whatnot, but Yuuto didn't care what she thought about him. Not when she held that disgusting artifact everywhere she went.

Issei and Irina, however, didn't look like they shared those thoughts as their faces broke into big smiles upon seeing each other.

"Oh, Issei!" Irina waved, rushing toward them, with Xenovia following closely behind. "What a surprise! How'd you find us? I don't think I ever told you where we stayed."

"'Where you stayed'? Wait, you're staying at the resort?!" His eyes widened. "That's so cool!"

"Right? The church's paying for our expenses." Irina giggled. "But what are you doing here if you're not here to visit?"

"Oh, uh…" He glanced at Yuuto for help. "Well, it's kinda complicated."

Yuuto was trying his hardest not to challenge those two to a duel for their Excaliburs. To finally get a chance to destroy those vile artifacts once and for all. Disgusting blades used to ruin the lives of countless children.

Did these two not know the bloody history of what they carried on their backs? What sort of despicable acts have they been used in? And for them to call themselves servants of God. What a tasteless joke. The friends he had lost in that awful experiment…

Xenovia noticed his glare growing sharper, prompting her to scoff.

"Again, what are you staring at, Devil?" She said. "You've been doing this every chance you get. What do you want?"

To eliminate the relic that inflicted pain and suffering throughout his entire childhood. That claimed the lives of his friends. This was his greatest desire. However, as with every opportunity he had to voice his challenge, the moment was neither suitable nor appropriate.

So he held himself back—this time.

"It's nothing." He replied curtly. "Regardless, we were just about to leave. Let's go, Issei."

"Huh?" His partner blinked. "But we haven't really done anything yet."

Yuuto, who was about to insist as he didn't want to spend another minute around them, paused as Irina grabbed Issei by the hand.

"Aw, come on!" She said, pulling Issei closer to her. "Let's hang out a bit, at least!"

"Er, well…" Issei hesitated. "We were kinda in the middle of something important…"

"It can wait, can't it?" She persisted, wrapping her arms around his. "We're all on vacation. Let's enjoy ourselves and worry about other things later."

She was very persistent, Yuuto noticed. And Issei was rapidly folding to her demands, unfortunately, as he looked at Rias' Knight apologetically and pleadingly. Begging to be let go just this once.

…Well, someone had to distract them.

"Well, alright." Yuuto sighed. "I'll do it by myself."

Not like Issei was going to focus very well with someone like Irina attached to him like that anyway.

"Aw man, thank you so much!" Issei grinned. "Please don't tell Akane-san, alright?"

"I won't," Yuuto said. "I'll tell her you did your part very well."

"Thanks!"

"Eh?" Irina blinked. "What's this about Akane?"

"Where is she?" Xenovia asked expectantly.

"I don't know." Issei shrugged.

"Liar." She accused, pointing at him with her glare sharpening. "You have her number, don't you? Call and ask where she is."

"I am NOT going to do that." He refused. "She'd know I sent you, and I value my life. Thank you very much."

"Eeeeh? You have her number?" Irina pouted. "But you don't even have mine! That's so not fair."

"Er, well—"

Yuuto slowly walked away from them, thankfully slipping away before Xenovia noticed. He didn't think he'd be able to contain his temper if that one in particular were to bother him. She knew how to get on his nerves.

He'd get his chance eventually. And when he did, he'd break that sword right in front of her.





– Koneko –

"Found anything yet?" Ichi asked her as they strolled through the relatively empty streets of Little Tokyo.

For a packed city like Honolulu, they had thankfully been given the least crowded area to investigate. At least during this time of the day. The sun was just about to set, and most people were either having dinner or going to bars and clubs, most of which were on the western side.

Not that this side of the city was ever as crowded as anything else. There weren't many stores or places good for sightseeing besides maybe the shrine, which nobody cared about because of the creepy mascot loitering near it, and the park that wasn't even built yet.

So, for sightseeing, the northeast of Honolulu was a terrible place to be, comparatively speaking. But for a nice, quiet walk? It was the best. It didn't hurt that they were around the bar where they were supposed to meet the CIA agent.

Overall, a nice place. Koneko liked it a lot. If only this entire damned city didn't make her sweat like a pig, that was.

"Nope." She shook her head, trying her best to hide her discomfort.

It wasn't like her to care what others thought about her. If this were Rias she was walking around with, she'd be constantly bothering the redhead to stop dragging her everywhere and find a place to cool off. But she didn't want to sound whiny to Ichiban. Koneko was better than that.

As someone who had never had a chance to hang out alone with Ichi, Koneko was thrilled to finally have the opportunity to do so, even if they were on an important job. She wanted this moment to last as long as possible. Complaining might cut their time together short.

Most of the time, they'd interact with each other in school, and sometimes during training if their schedules aligned. And even then, Ichiban was in an entirely different league. Even without activating his Sacred Gear, he was already surpassing her in strength and speed.

Which she would barely make up with her superior skill and experience, but he was starting to catch up in those, too. So most of the time, he'd be training with Rias, Sona, and most commonly, Akane and the Tiger yakuza.

Koneko had noticed that they'd been interacting less and less ever since the tournament, and it made her feel terrible. Not to say she was entirely innocent. After all, she liked him. As in liked liked him. More than friends.

So seeing Akane kiss him and make a claim before she could during the finals hurt a lot. It admittedly made her avoid Ichi for a little while. But she knew it wasn't his fault. He wasn't aware of her feelings. And why should he be? It wasn't like she'd given him any hints.

She honestly didn't know when it had happened. Just that one day, she'd found him exceptionally cooler and more handsome than the day before. Was it her instincts as a Nekomata that made her attracted to his strength? Their shared interests? His kindness? All of that? She had no idea.

"For real? Hah…" Ichi groaned, not satisfied with her answer. "How long have we been walking around? The heat's killing me."

Koneko said nothing, but found some comfort in not being the only one affected by the weather.

"I really wasn't thinking it through when I agreed with Akane, huh?" He said, rubbing his neck. "I mean, what the hell are we even looking for, anyway?"

"Barracuda," Koneko responded.

"And where have they gone off to?" He questioned, glancing at her. "You'd think after we kicked their asses, they'd start looking for us for revenge."

"Ice Queen killed two of them." She answered. "She scared them off."

"Probably what happened, yeah." He sighed. "It's not like she made it pretty either. Beheading isn't usually what I would go for if I had to kill someone."

A violent method for sure. Personally speaking, Koneko would've maybe snapped their necks or stopped their hearts with a strong attack if she was forced to kill. Taking their heads was messy and way over the top.

But that's how things were with Ice Queen. Truthfully, despite how Koneko acted with Akane, she was a little scared of her. Being a Nekomata, she was extra sensitive to the presence of those around her, and Akane almost felt like she was always planning to kill someone.

It was bizarre and a bit worrying. Yes, someone that powerful in comparison would feel suffocating for someone like Koneko, but this wasn't just power. There was almost this weird anger that radiated off her, but it wasn't anger. Or at least, not hers. It was very odd.

It became hers whenever Koneko was around Ichiban, which was the biggest reason why she'd never tried to approach Ichi in a romantic or sexual way. Perhaps Akane herself didn't notice, but Koneko could feel her subtle glares drilling into the back of her skull.

Of course, that was just a part of it. There was also the insecurity that she couldn't possibly measure up to someone like Ice Queen when it came to looks. Really, who would take a small-looking girl like her over someone as beautiful and curvy as Akane? She was on par with Rias in terms of her body. Fit, voluptuous, and sexy.

Even if Ichi found Koneko attractive for some reason, the fear of rejection was still present. Generally, as a yokai and a devil, she didn't particularly care about sharing a man all that much. It was a common practice in both cultures, but the same couldn't be said for them. They were humans, and humans were primarily monogamous.

Assuming Ichi was an outlier and wanted a harem or something, Akane clearly wasn't. Not with how she'd glare daggers at Koneko each time she even glanced at Ichiban. Honestly, it was getting a little exhausting.

That wasn't to say Koneko hated Ice Queen. She quite liked her, if anything. She was fun to be around. Her antics and exaggerated sense of superiority were funny. Plus, they shared a dislike of Issei—that perverted little dick.

Besides, without Akane, Rias would've been married off, Kokabiel would've probably killed all of them, and the Old Satans might've just wiped out everyone. Arrogant Princess act aside, she was pretty much a hero to them.

At least it looked like the feeling was mutual whenever Ichi was out of the picture. She'd hate to be disliked by Akane, admittedly.

"Violent Ice Queen is violent," Koneko responded tonelessly. "Shocker."

Ichiban snorted.

"Yeah, fair." He said before pausing. "…To be honest, I'm not a fan of how casual she is about killing."

Koneko blinked.

"I mean, I get it. As much as I want to avoid it, sometimes, it needs to be done." He added. "But whenever she does it, she just feels…"

She waited for him to phrase his sentence. Ichi struggled for a few moments before he spoke.

"Disconnected, I guess?" He tried to soften the word he wanted to say. "Almost like she doesn't understand or care about the weight of her actions."

"You mean she's remorseless?" Koneko guessed his meaning, making him grimace in discomfort.

"Yeah…" He sighed. "I didn't wanna use that word, but yeah. Pretty much what it is."

Koneko took a moment to think about it. She understood where he was coming from— Ichi was very empathetic, even for a human. He never let it get in the way, but to show this level of compassion even to enemies was a beautiful quality. Not a lot of people could say the same.

Especially considering his upbringing. She didn't know a lot about his past, but she knew he was a person abandoned by his parents in a brothel of all places. Being this humane and caring despite everything that had happened to him showed a strength of character.

"What do you think?" He asked for her opinion. "Am I maybe overthinking it? I know the kind of person Akane is, but it's still jarring seeing her like that, y'know?"

After a couple of seconds, Koneko replied.

"I don't know." She shrugged. "Ice Queen's not the type to wear her emotions on her sleeves."

"Huh?" Ichiban blinked at her.

"Maybe it bothers her. Maybe it doesn't." She added. "But she's never gonna tell anyone regardless."

"Why do you think that?"

"I can tell Akane doesn't like to show vulnerability. I think that includes emotionally." Koneko clarified. "Maybe she doesn't want to worry anyone."

"That does sound like her…" Ichi agreed before shaking his head. "Yeah, you're probably right. Sorry for springing that on you out of nowhere, Koneko. Not like myself to start rambling about serious shit like this."

"Mhm, I don't mind." She responded with a small smile. "You're my friend."

"Heh. Yeah. Thanks." He smiled back at her brightly. "I guess you're just pretty easy to talk to."

Her heart fluttered at the genuine compliment, her face glowing a little. Ichiban noticed as he tilted his head at her, blinking in confusion.

"You alright? You look a little red."

"I'm okay." She said blankly. "It's just hot…"

"Right?" He agreed. "Let's stop for a little break. I'm sure the gang wouldn't mind if we stopped for some ice cream or something. If anything, they're probably doing the same."

Koneko nodded and followed along. As he took her to a nearby ice cream parlor, Koneko turned around as he picked and chose the flavors he wanted. Come to think of it, they hadn't run into anyone for a bit. The streets weren't crowded, but they hadn't exactly been this empty…

"What about you, Koneko?" Ichi asked, getting her attention. "Choose anything you'd like. It's my treat."

As she was about to respond, her eyes narrowed as she felt the intent to harm rapidly approaching them. The moment she heard the faint noise of something penetrating the air near them, Koneko moved, getting in front of Ichiban, and grabbed the end of a cane before it hit her partner.

Ichiban didn't waste a second, immediately realizing that they were under attack and striking the assailant in the chest, making them take a few steps back. These few brief seconds were more than enough to get a good look at him— it was an older man in a suit with slicked back dark brown hair and brown eyes.

From the pin he had on the right side of his suit, she could immediately tell he was a yakuza, but what did a yakuza want from them? Why had he attacked them? They were on the same side. Was he not from the Tojo clan?

Her questions were partially answered as Ichiban quickly recognized this individual.

"S-Sawashiro-san?!" He exclaimed.

Arakawa's captain? Koneko blinked.

"Sloppy, Ichi." He criticized, fixing his suit and tapping the cane on the ground. "If not for the girl, I would've splattered your brain across the pavement."

Ichiban clenched his jaw, quickly getting over his surprise.

"Yes, sir…" He nodded. "Sorry, sir."

Realizing this was some kind of a test, Koneko slowly relaxed her stance, but she still kept her glare, not appreciating his attitude or interruption one bit. The now-named Sawashiro noticed her glare and explained himself.

"Don't give me that look." He said coldly before staring back at Ichiban. "Someone has to keep this idiot on his toes. Just because you have the Boosted Gear doesn't mean you get to slack off."

"I wasn't," Ichiban replied. "I just… didn't think anyone would attack us in broad daylight like this, alright?"

"You think your enemies would care about time and place?" Arakawa's second in command scoffed. "You're either arrogant or the biggest dumbass in the world."

Ichi looked like he wanted to argue, but he kept his mouth shut and lowered his head, apologizing.

"Sorry."

"You're part of the family now." He added, tapping his cane on the ground. "Don't make mistakes like this again."

Koneko clicked her tongue, her fists clenching in annoyance at how rude this person was being to Ichi. Captain, patriarch, chairman— she didn't care who he was. He shouldn't talk to her friend like that.

But before she could tell him off, another, unfamiliar voice interjected.

"Enough, Sawashiro." He said. "You said you wanted to test him, not scold him."

The stranger approached them from behind Sawashiro. It was a boy their age with black hair and brown eyes, wearing a more colorful navy blue suit and matching navy blue pants. It wasn't dissimilar to a private school uniform rather than anything 'yakuza'. He also wore a pair of glasses.

Koneko could immediately tell that he was a rich kid of some kind. But instead of adding salt to the wound and insulting Ichiban, he smiled as one would when meeting a friend.

"It's been a while, Ichi." The strange boy said.

"Haha…" Ichiban chuckled in disbelief. "I almost couldn't recognize you, young master. Holy crap, what are the odds?"

Young master? Koneko blinked.

"You tell me. Never thought I'd meet you here, of all places," He replied before his eyes flickered to Koneko. "So are you going to introduce me to your friend?"

"Ah, right. This here is Koneko Toujou. She's a devil. One of Rias Gremory's peerage." Ichi said, prompting her to do a polite bow. "Koneko, this is Masato Arakawa. He's Masumi Arakawa's son."

"Don't introduce me like that. People are going to mistake me for a yakuza." He sighed in exasperation. "But a devil, huh? Interesting. It's a pleasure to meet you, Toujou-san."

This guy is a lot nicer than this Sawashiro jackass. Koneko thought, responding to him with a hum of acknowledgement.

"But what are you doing here?" Ichi asked. "I thought you were still studying in California."

"Still am. On a school trip right now." He explained. "Honestly, I could ask the same about you. What's your dumbass doing in Honolulu?"

"Dumbass? Heh. I'll have you know, I ranked eighth in Kuoh Academy." Ichi boasted, shocking him and the jackass captain as their eyes widened. "That's right! The age of idiot Ichiban has long passed. I'm now in my genius era."

Koneko snorted.

"Nothing funny about what I said." He told her.

"That so? What a surprise. That's great. Congrats, Ichi." Masato replied. "You must've worked hard."

"Well, I had help, to be honest." Ichi quickly admitted. "Say, young master, are you free right now? Whaddya say we catch up? It's been almost a whole year since we've seen each other, and I wanna introduce you to my girlfriend."

Hearing that stung her a bit.

"You have a girlfriend? Is the world about to end?" He teased before chuckling. "I'd love to, but I'm a little busy right now."

"Aw…"

"I'll give you a call later, though. When I have time." Masato added before waving. "See you soon."

"See you!"

With that, Masato and Sawashiro left, but not without the latter giving Ichiban one last glare. He became really quiet when the nicer guy showed up, but Koneko wouldn't complain. Honestly, she felt a little sidelined in their conversation. She didn't know what to say.

"Sorry. Must've been real awkward for you." Ichi quickly apologized, almost as if he'd read her mind.

"Er, it's okay." She said, surprised. "You seem very familiar with him."

"Heh. Yeah, we've known each other for a while." Ichi nodded. "When Arakawa-san accepted me, my first real job was to be a bodyguard to his son since Kamorucho was a shithole. Though, to be honest, he didn't need my help. He was way stronger than I was at the time."

"Mhm…" She hummed, waiting for Ichi to finish.

"Since he was the son of a known yakuza, he had trouble making friends his age, but we bonded pretty quickly." He continued. "Eventually, he left Japan to study abroad. He knows about the supernatural, but he didn't want to be involved in anything related to it. Yakuza included."

Koneko remained silent, watching them until they disappeared from her vision.

"Anyway, we should probably meet up with Rose-san," Ichiban said. "It's time."

"What about the ice cream?" Koneko asked, wanting her cold treat.

"Oh, right." Ichi snapped his fingers, turning toward the vendor. "As I was saying—"

But nobody was there.

"Eh?" He blinked. "Where'd he go?"

Koneko immediately realized and frowned. The funny interaction must've scared him off. Seeing two people fighting right in front of you in a way that did not look normal in any way would do that to anyone.

Koneko blinked, then jumped over the counter.

"What are you doing?" Ichiban curiously asked.

Nobody would notice a few scoops missing.





– Asia –

This investigation stuff was a lot simpler than Asia had thought it was gonna be. A lot less fruitful, too. Admittedly, she had no idea what she'd expected from this, but to just walk around looking for anything that looked off? In a city they barely knew? She wasn't one to complain about things like this, but this was starting to get a little boring.

Thankfully, she ultimately got to hang out with Akane, so maybe it's not all that bad.

Although Akane seemed focused on finding a lead rather than enjoying her time with Asia, the blond still found this pleasant. Delightful, even. Ever since they'd arrived at Honolulu, they'd been hanging out a lot more frequently than back in Japan. In Kuoh, Akane was usually too busy with schoolwork, tinkering, and/or training.

Coming here was the best thing that had ever happened. Ah, if only Mizuki were also here with them. Surely they'd have a lot more fun together. Just the three of them. Like the family she'd always dreamt of.

Asia had no idea why Mizuki didn't want to come with them, but she knew that something was bothering her. She wanted to ask the mother about it, but she hesitated, knowing that whatever it was, it was probably very personal. Regardless, she prayed that Mizuki would get through it fine.

Maybe if she was done with whatever it was, she could come and visit? After all, they were staying here for a whole month. That was plenty of time for her to join them eventually, right? Unless it was serious enough that she would need that much time.

If that was the case, then Asia felt terrible about going on vacation without first making sure that Mizuki was okay.

The blond shook her head, and with it, the bad thoughts. No, she couldn't be thinking like that. She was doing an important job and couldn't let these things distract her. Akane wouldn't let something like that happen to her, and neither should Asia.

"You look distracted." Akane suddenly said as they walked side by side, making her yelp. "What's gotten you so pensive?"

"Eh?" She blinked before sheepishly giggling. "Was it that obvious?"

"You seriously need to work on your poker face." Her older sister responded with a smirk. "Spill it. What were you thinking about?"

"Well…" Asia hesitated, then shook her head again. "It's nothing. I was just wondering what Mizuki-san is doing."

"She's fine. Knowing her, she's getting shitfaced somewhere." Akane said vulgarly. "She has a problem with alcohol."

"Yes, I've noticed." The blond nodded.

"Which is… fine, relatively speaking. She's superhuman. Her liver is probably made of titanium." Akane rolled her eyes. "The alternative is gambling addiction, and that's way worse. I wouldn't be as rich as I am today otherwise. Thank god she's stingy when it comes to spending money."

Something told Asia that Akane was a lot less worried about her mother and more about her own well-being. She didn't know if she believed in her mother that much or if she was just selfish, but Asia leaned toward the former, for both their sakes.

"Silver lining, I suppose?" Asia blinked.

"Silver lining." Akane agreed with a chuckle before checking her phone. "Anyway, we should probably go to Revolve right now. We're out of time."

"We are, aren't we…" She sighed. "And we haven't found any leads."

"Eh." Her sister shrugged.

At that, Asia paused. That wasn't the reaction she expected. Akane seemed like she didn't care about this one bit, even though this had been her idea. How odd. As temperamental as she was, even if Akane knew how to control herself, not to show even a sliver of frustration? That was unlike her.

"I thought you'd be a lot more disappointed." She noted.

"I would've been," Akane replied. "But you know what they say: Hope for the best, expect the worst."

"That sounds cynical," Asia frowned slightly.

"Maybe." The yakuza princess said. "But there's merit to it. That way, you're not as disappointed when things don't go your way."

That did make sense, but still…

"Besides," Akane added. "Chances of us finding anything were low. Like, 2% or below. I knew this was the case minutes after we set foot in Honolulu. Think about it: We've not found any of the Barracuda, even before we split up. That means they're doing their best to hide from us, and since we've not found their base yet, we don't know where to find them."

"I see…" Asia muttered. "But if that was the case, then why bother at all?"

"2% is still 2%. Chances are low, not nonexistent." Akane argued. "And like I said before, getting all of our information from Magnus might not be the smartest thing to do. We shouldn't trust him so quickly. Not when he hasn't given us a reason to trust him yet."

Asia didn't argue with that. Perhaps she was just naive, but Magnus Rose had seemed genuine when he talked about stopping the Barracuda from doing something dangerous. He didn't look like he had an ulterior motive. But Akane knew better than her. Trusting her sister's instincts was probably for the best.

As they approached the bar, Asia stopped when she heard the wails of a little child to her left. She turned in the direction of the sound, which was coming from the nearby orphanage. In front of it, there was a small yard where children were running and playing together, a scene reminiscent of what she had observed back at the church. It had brought back memories— good ones.

She'd passed by this orphanage once or twice before. Palekana Orphanage was apparently the only one in Honolulu. It was built and funded by a local religious group that went by the same name.

She scanned the yard and found the crying child next to a tree, having injured his knee after falling. Or what looked like it anyway. An old man — likely one of the caretakers — gently scolded him for doing something dangerous before comforting the boy.

"Asia?" Akane called her name, noticing that she'd stopped. "What's wrong?"

"Um." Asia hesitated. "Is it okay if I help that child, Akane-san? I know you told me not to show my powers to civilians unless it's necessary…"

"Seriously?" She frowned and looked at the child. "He's gonna be fine, Asia. A little boo-boo isn't going to get him killed."

"I know that, but…" The blond looked at her pleadingly. "Please? It's what I always wanted to use my powers for."

Akane clicked her tongue and crossed her arms, but then, eventually, she relented with a deep sigh.

"Fine." She said. "Just get it over with. We're gonna be late."

"Got it." Asia nodded with a smile. "Thank you, Akane-san."

With Akane right behind her, she approached the child, catching the caretaker's attention. Confusion flashed across his face as he turned to her. He appeared to be in his late sixties, with striking blue eyes and blond hair framed by a goatee. The old man wore a yellow shirt, white pants, and sandals. A unique pendant in the shape of three connected flames dangled around his neck.

"Ah…" The old man paused at her presence, glancing at the child, then back at her. "I am sorry. I hope his cries did not disturb you. It's just that he fell down and hurt himself."

"Oh, it's alright." Asia gave them a disarming smile. "I'm here to help."

"Oh, bless your kind heart. But you don't need to." He replied, thankful for her kindness. "It is nothing serious. A simple bruise is all it was."

"Even then, by the Lord's commands, I must help anyone in need." Asia insisted as she crouched next to them, a ring forming around her finger. "Please, allow me."

The caretaker looked at her curiously, and the boy's cries ceased as her Twilight Healing glowed a faint green, almost instantly healing the bruise on his knees. The boy and the old man both looked at her in awe, eyes wide in shock as well as recognition.

"Woah…" The boy breathed, looking at Asia with sparkling eyes. "You're like Lani."

"Huh?" Asia blinked. "Lani?"

"By Her grace… You are blessed as well." The old man added, gently taking her hand to observe the ring on her finger. "You have the power of restoration. Magnificent."

"You mean Twilight Healing?" Akane questioned. She was confused too. "You've seen it before?"

"Yeah!" The boy responded, grinning at Asia. "A girl here had the same ability! Her name is Lani Mililani! Do you know her, miss? What's your name? Do you live here?"

As the boy stood up, he continued to bombard her with questions, and Asia wasn't given the chance to answer any of them.

Though she was more preoccupied with the fact that there was someone else who had Twilight Healing, it wasn't unheard of— Twilight Healing was considered a low-level Sacred Gear, after all. Similar to something like Twice Critical, several people could have it at the same time.

But it still came as a shock. What were the odds? Was this meeting perhaps planned by the Lord?

"Easy, Tommy." The old man said, helping her up. "I apologize for him. As you heard, there used to be a girl who had the same power you have. He must've thought you were related to her. Though, unfortunately, she's been gone for a while."

"Gone?" Akane frowned.

"Kidnapped by a former staff member at the orphanage." He sighed wearily, making Asia gasp. "The police have been looking for them, but there's no news yet."

"Goodness, I'm so sorry," The blond responded.

"You have nothing to apologize for, miss." The old man shook his head before trying to change the subject. "Ah, where are my manners? My name is Bryce Fairchild, the Sage of Palekana. I own the orphanage."

"Ah. I am Asia Argento." She introduced herself. "And my friend here is Akane Amamiya. It's a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Fairchild."

Bryce blinked and glanced at Akane, who raised her eyebrow at him.

"Akane? What a coincidence." He said. "The one that took Lani away is also named Akane. Akane Kishida. Not that I mean anything by it."

"Eh. It is a common Japanese name." Akane shrugged.

"Is it? Sorry. I'm not very informed about Japan." Bryce said. "Please, why don't you come over for coffee or tea? I'd love to hear what you know about the power of restoration. Twilight Healing, you called it?"

"Well—"

Before Asia could give an answer, Akane took her hand and got in front of her.

"Sorry, we're busy right now. Maybe later." She told him before glancing at Asia. "Let's go. I just got a message from Ichi. They're waiting for us."

"Ah, right." Asia nodded, giving Bryce and the boy a smile. "Farewell. Please take care of yourselves."

They waved goodbye as the two girls walked away.

Wow. Another person with Twilight Healing was here? She was still surprised. Just what were the odds of Asia randomly stumbling on her? If she hadn't been kidnapped, then…
…

"Akane-san—"

"We'll look for Lani after we're done with Magnus," Akane replied, as if she'd read Asia's mind, giving the blond a smirk. "Can't have someone with my name go around kidnapping kids. Might end up hurting my credibility."

Asia smiled.

"Thank you."





– Akane –

As I expected, Asia and I haven't found anything despite searching for a few hours. Jobs like this should be done by the Spyders, but there's some guy out there that can detect and fry my tech, so fuck me, I guess.

Even the rest haven't found anything worth noting. Only that the Barracuda had vanished from every corner of the city. Also, apparently, Ichi randomly met Arakawa's son, so that's interesting, I guess. In case I ever wanted to get rid of him, I now have a way to lure him out somewhere.

Not that I plan to do such a thing anytime soon. If I ever want to dispose of Arakawa permanently, then it can't be by me directly. And there's a reason for that, of course. Simply put, I can't hide who I really am forever. It's neither possible nor appealing.

To hide under this guise of 'a good person'. Having to tiptoe around everything and everyone just for a crumb of progress. Doing everything I can to look 'good' in front of others. It pisses me off so much. Because why should I do all of that? I'm perfect the way I am. They should recognize that, too.

And by 'they', I mean those who can make me feel things. My 'property', so to speak. Ichi, my mother, Akiyama…

I want to show them the real me, eventually. But I know they'd never accept me for who I really am. Not when they're like… that. So sentimental and emotional. No. If I want them to join my side, then I need to take drastic measures.

And Ichi should be the easiest to deal with. If Arakawa died, then I'd be his sole emotional anchor. I'd be the one he relied on and loved the most. That way, I could try to convince him to see things my way, and he'd have no option but to agree.

But if he were to eventually know that I killed Arakawa, then he'd start despising me.

Even thinking about such a thing makes my stomach turn.

Which is why I have to orchestrate some kind of 'accident'. Make it so that Arakawa dies in a way that's not directly related to me. I can just do what I did to the Leviathan devil in prison, but that's not reliable enough for my taste.

But I digress.

The only interesting thing I found on my search was the old Palekana Sage. He's nothing special— his stats are low, his title revealed nothing of interest, and the 'thoughts about you' section was too vague for me to care.

However, his stats are low, yes, but that's in comparison to mine. They're actually higher than the average human by a ton. I'd even say around mid-class? For a human that old, that's pretty impressive. My first and best guess is that he has some kind of Sacred Gear that he has most definitely awakened.

Again, not that special, but a little interesting regardless. What's also a little interesting is that there's another Twilight Healing user running around. Anyway, I'd keep an eye on him with a Spyder, but…

Yeah.

I don't like the way he was looking at Asia, though. Felt a bit creepy.

We open the door to the bar, greeted by the rest of the group at the U-shaped booth seating directly to my left. Magnus is there too, but he's taken the stool in front of the counter, and behind it is another blond, caucasian man wearing sunglasses and cleaning a mug.

Using Observe on him tells me that he's another CIA agent. Way weaker than Magnus, though. High-class level.

"Took your sweet time." Magnus is the first to comment, not impressed with me.

"We were on the other side of the city. Sue me." I roll my eyes before addressing Asia. "Go sit with them."

"Okay."

As for me, I take the stool next to him. You know, being the leader and all that. I have to make an impression.

"So then—"

"Actually, before we start," I glance at the bartender. "One Mai Tai, please."

He raises an eyebrow at me.

"You're old enough to drink?"

"As a matter of fact—" I put down the totally real ID on the counter with a smirk. "I'm twenty-one years old."

The bartender doesn't look like he believes me, but says nothing.

"Seriously?" Ichi says, the rest of the group sharing his exasperation.

"You better shut your mouth." I glare at him. "I've been walking around in this heat for hours, and I deserve a drink for my efforts."

He looks like he wants to argue, but closes his mouth and scoffs. That's what I thought.

"Just give her what she wants," Magnus tells his CIA partner with a sigh.

As the Bartender goes to prepare my drink, Magnus takes a file out of his shirt and gives it to me. I flip through it, and the first picture I see is that of another old man, but this one looks wealthy. Gold chains around his neck, an expensive watch, and several rings. His most striking feature, though, was the stylized 'B' tattooed on the left side of his forehead.

"This is Dwight Mendez," Magnus explains. "The leader of the Barracuda."

Ah, so that's what he looks like. I knew his name, but none of the Spyders found him before they went kaboom. I hand the picture to the group as the CIA agent continues.

"A thorn in our side for years. He's been associated with the cartel and several other gangs before. Drug dealing, human trafficking— you name it, he's probably done it." He says. "The problem is, he has strong connections. Supernatural connections, which is how he's been evading us for years. Eventually, he settled here and made his own gang. The Barracuda."

"Is he strong?" Ichi asks.

Of course, that's his first question. Still valid, though. I'm curious too.

"Yes, but not as strong as most of us here." He answers. "You or Ms. Amamiya could probably easily beat him."

About Ultimate-class at most, then.

"Though it's not his strength that's worrying," Magnus adds. "In one of his previous gangs, he developed a dangerous drug that turned even the most fragile human into a powerhouse, comparatively. It's what his gang has been using."

As the chat goes on, the bartender serves me the glass of Mai Tai I asked for.

"'Powerhouse?' Really?" I chuckle, taking a sip from my drink. "Gimme a break."

Delicious~

"Compared to the average human cop?" He points out. Fair enough. "Regardless, they're not a big problem now, but my intel tells us that he's gradually improving this drug of his. Eventually, he'll be making an army of High-class minions. Maybe even stronger."

Sounds more like a blessing to me than a problem.

"Right. So he needs to be taken out." I nod. "Why haven't you done that already, then? I mean, I'm sure you have the resources to do something about him pretty easily."

"Yes. But that leads us to the bigger problem at hand." Magnus adds. "In the grand scheme of things, Dwight is nothing more than a minion himself, so if we take him out now, we could end up scaring away the real mastermind."

Oh? That's interesting.

"The Barracuda is only a third of Honolulu's underworld. There are two more organizations, and they're even more dangerous." He says. "The Ganzhe led by Wong Tou, and Yamai Syndicate led by Yutaka Yamai, a former Tojo yakuza. All of them answer to one person."

Right, the Ganzhe I knew about, but not the Yamai Syndicate. Former Tojo yakuza, huh? I should maybe ask Majima about him. He could have some info.

"You don't say?" I lean forward. "And who is this evil overlord we need to defeat?"

"That's the thing. We don't know." Magnus replies. "We only know that they're called the 'Overseer'. They rule Honolulu from the shadows, having even more authority than us, and they're planning to do something dangerous."

Overseer, huh? Could it be they who had been stalking me with whatever weird ability they might have? I thought it was Dwight at first, but that doesn't seem to be the case. I'm still lost on how they're able to do that.

And this leads me to another question: Is it them who spotted my spy tech? Someone working for them? One of these big gangs? Still don't know anything. It's frustrating, but hey, I am making some progress. That's cool.

"How dangerous?" Kiba questions.

"If we leave them unchecked, Hawaii might get wiped out at best." He answers. "At worst, the whole planet would be in danger."

Very interesting. Heh, would you look at that? We're finally facing our first world-ending threat. That's pretty damn exciting.

"Holy shit…" Issei breathed with a mixture of awe and fear. "For real?"

"The whole planet?" Ichi added. "You've gotta be exaggerating."

"I'm not. That's how serious this is." Magnus reiterates.

"How do you know that, though?" I raise an eyebrow. "I mean, what are we dealing with here? Is this Overseer that strong?"

I notice him hesitating for a split second before answering.

"We don't know how powerful they are as an individual." He says. "All we know is that they've found some weapon or artifact that they plan to use. We don't know what it is or where it is. We're lucky that he still hasn't found the key to use this artifact."

He's lying. Or rather, he's not telling the whole story. Hah. Knew we couldn't trust this bastard. And here I debated whether I should tell him about my ominous feeling that someone's watching me since coming here. Guess I'll keep that to myself.

Then again, I didn't feel it as much today. Rather, it felt… weaker, like it was looking at something or someone else. Someone near me.

"Right…" I drop it. I'd confront him about his lie, but I don't want him to suspect anything. Might as well make him feel he's in control. "So what are we supposed to do, then?"

"Right now, there's not much we can do," Magnus responds. "Dwight is hiding after what you did, so we'll need to lay low until he gets confident enough to come out."

"More waiting, huh?" I snort. "Forget it."

"Hmm?"

"I'm gonna start looking for Dwight myself," I tell him, getting off the stool. "Sooner we get rid of him and this 'Overseer', the sooner we can return to our vacation."

"And how do you plan on doing that, exactly?"

"I'll figure it out. I always do." I respond, finishing my drink, then looking at my group. "Let's go. We have a long night ahead of us."

"I thought we agreed to work together." Magnus narrows his eyes.

"We did, but I don't like your plan," I reply. "So I'm doing things my way. Don't get me wrong, though. We're still on the same side. I'll help you take out this Overseer."

He remains silent.

"See, I've learned that sitting around doing nothing rarely does us any good." I continue. "Think about it; if Dwight knows there are some super-strong people looking for him in Honolulu, then this Overseer probably does as well. He's gotta know who and where we are."

"Meaning Dwight likely won't come out until we leave Hawaii." Kiba nods, agreeing with me. "Akane-san is right. We need to act now."

"And like you said, this Overseer dude didn't find what he needed to use his artifact yet," Ichi adds. "So we gotta stop him before he does."

Magnus takes a moment to think it through before responding.

"And what do you suggest we can do?"

"Ideally, we try to lure them out." I shrug. "Dunno how, but give me an hour or so. I'll come up with something."

"…Alright." Magnus nods. "I'll try to figure something out on my end. I'll contact you soon."

"Sure thing." I wave, walking toward the exit with my friends in tow. "See you soon."

I honestly have no idea how I'm going to go about this, but it can't be that complicated. First, luring out the Barracuda or the other two organizations. Get to the leaders, beat them up for info, and kick the Overseer's ass. Simple.

I also need to figure out what this Overseer really wants. What this 'artifact' of theirs is supposed to do, and if I can have it for myself. What this 'key' looks like, and if I can get it before they can. Because color me intrigued.

Something that can possibly destroy the world… I already have one in my inventory, but it wouldn't hurt to get more firepower. After all, my world-ending artifact likes to nibble on my soul when I use it, and that's not very pleasant.

"So any ideas?" Ichiban asks.

"Nope."

"And you sounded so confident…"

"I am." I snort. "Trust me, this is gonna be easy."

Not really, but I'd have a much, much easier time using my Spyders.

Yes, I'm still very pissed that I can't use them. How could you tell?




– Yamai –

Staring at the photo in disinterest, his eyes flickered to his subordinate, who flinched under his gaze. Yamai didn't know what to do with him— he came running to his office, saying he'd found something that may interest his leader. But all he was given was the picture of a teenage girl with black hair and red eyes. Was this guy a pervert or something?

Yamai found this too reprehensible, even for him, but waited for the boy to explain himself. Everyone in his organization knew what type of woman he liked, and it was definitely not fucking teenagers.

"You call this interesting?" He said, his voice low and indifferent. His underling flinched again, making Yamai sigh. "What am I looking at, Kyo?"

"You don't recognize her?" Kyo questioned.

"Should I?"

"Er, no, it's just… It's Akane Amamiya, sir." He answered.

"Amamiya?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Yes. Daughter of Tatsu Amamiya of the Tojo clan." Kyo nodded. "She has an impressive resume for someone her age. Defeated a rogue cadre, killed the last of the Beelzebub bloodline, and was the MVP of a recent Rating Game tournament as a temporary piece."

Well, that was interesting, at least. As a former member of the Tojo clan, he was one of many who had looked up to the Immortal Dragon—a legend among legends. Even after being kicked out of the clan, he still greatly respected that man. One of his few regrets in life was never properly meeting the man before he passed away.

He would've loved to see the legend in action.

Then again, why should he care about his daughter? So what if she was in Hawaii? Was he supposed to do something about her? Why would he even bother with that? He might've considered kidnapping her or something had Tatsu been alive, but that was about it. With Tatsu dead, Yamai's interest had gone away with him.

…was what he thought until Kyo mentioned her achievements.

"Really now?" He hummed.

"Yes," Kyo confirmed with a nod. "The finals were livestreamed on Devilnet."

He picked up the picture again, inspecting it closely. It had been taken while she wasn't aware, but even from this still image, her posture wasn't that of an ordinary girl. Relaxed, sure, but most certainly not normal.

"I brought it up because I thought maybe we can use her against the Overseer," Kyo added. "Through her, we could get the Tojo clan involved."

That was one approach to handle that arrogant bastard, but what truly intrigued Yamai's interest was the prospect of discovering whether the daughter of the Immortal Dragon possessed the same fierce spirit as her legendary father.

…It wasn't like him to pick fights with teenage girls, but this time, he was willing to make an exception.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 56 others
Mirlnir
Jul 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 66: Arrogance? Confidence New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Aug 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,030
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu




I know this isn't exactly going to be easy now that I'm limited and can't rely on my super awesome tech, but damn it if it's not annoying. Seriously, I could've figured out this Overseer's identity in these few hours now that I know where to look. My Spyders are too overpowered for this.

Their only weakness is their mobility, but that can be fixed later. I don't know why I didn't give them wings or something when I was making them, but now that the issue has been brought up, I'll make sure they get a proper upgrade. Also, I need to find a way to avoid being compromised by anyone. To do that, I first need to understand what caught them and how they did it.

I want to say it's some kind of EMP bomb, but that doesn't sound right. The Spyders are coated with a material that protects them from electromagnetic waves. And not just any material, but supernatural ones I got from the Tojo clan. You'd need something like an extremely powerful EMP bomb with the energy equivalent of a nuclear bomb to destroy the Spyders properly.

Then again, that's what it felt like. Or what Nemesis told me, at least. But the strange thing about it is that it was directly targeting the Spyders, which is why I'm certain that whoever it was that was responsible noticed my spy tech and intentionally compromised it, rather than this being some kind of bad luck.

But enough about that. Since I'm about 70% sure that the one who did it is related to this 'Overseer' in some way, then I just have to kick his ass extra hard for the grief he's caused me and eat his soul. To do that, I'll need to find one of, or all three, gang leaders who work for him, which I have no idea how I'm supposed to do. If they're even the slightest bit intelligent, then they'll avoid me entirely, which I understand. I mean, I'd avoid me, too. Have you seen me? I'm too damn powerful. Anyone who doesn't understand their place in the world — beneath me — would melt simply by just being in my divine presence.

But if they're that scared of me, how am I supposed to find them or lure them out? It's not as if I'm here alone, either. I have a whole group behind me, two of whom are only slightly weaker than I. So they're extra scared to do anything. Granted, I know where the Barracudas are hiding, but I shouldn't know that.

…Is what I would've said had I not teamed up with Magnus, who did his own investigation into the Barracuda and figured out as much as I had before my Spyders were blown up. District five, under the giant homeless encampment. That's where they're hiding and where Dwight probably is. If he were an idiot, that is. He's probably escaped and hidden somewhere else, but it doesn't hurt to look for him there.

"So should we raid them, then?" Ichi asks. "It wouldn't be tough to clear them out."

"That's what I thought as well, but we're probably gonna make too much noise and alert their leader," I respond. "We don't need six people running around some gang's base. We just need one. Besides, we don't know what's in there. We need someone to scout the area first if we plan on raiding them."

If he isn't hiding right now, then he sure as fuck would if we tear his base to shreds.

I glance at Koneko.

"And you're the best at stealth." I point out. She wouldn't be if I had my tech, but what can I do? "You're the best for the job. We need you to go in there, map out their base, and look for any clues about the Overseer, his artifact, or Dwight. Think you can do that?"

Koneko nods, seemingly on board.

"Wait, she's going alone?" Ichiban looks at me with an uneasy expression. "Is that really fine? We don't know what the Barracuda could be hiding. Maybe they have someone or something dangerous."

"She has a phone with her, doesn't she? She can just text us if she figures something out." I raise an eyebrow. Though I should probably build a better or faster communication device. "Besides, did you forget she's also the best at sensing?"

"I guess…"

"I'll be fine," Koneko says. "I can handle myself."

"Yeah, I know." He sighs. "Just be careful, alright?"

"I'm sure she will." I snort in faux-amusement, hiding my annoyance as I address Koneko again. "If you end up in a dangerous situation, don't hesitate to retreat. I don't think Rias would be happy with me if I put you in danger during a vacation."

Koneko grunts affirmatively.

Not that I really care what the redhead thinks, but fewer problems mean fewer headaches. I don't need this midget dying on me. Sure, if she dies, then that's ultimately fewer problems, but I want it in a way that has nothing to do with me. As long as she disappears, really. And is inconspicuously replaced by a robot version of herself.

But baby steps, Akane.

"Good luck, Koneko-chan," Asia says. "We'll be waiting for you."

The yokai-turned-devil smiles and nods.

"Please be careful," Kiba reiterates Ichi's words. "If they really are hiding something dangerous, then call us for backup."

Throwing a thumbs-up, Koneko silently sneaks into the encampment from above after climbing the nearby buildings. I'm actually pretty impressed at how quiet she is— I couldn't even hear any footsteps from her. I wonder if she actually trained in stealth or if she's naturally talented like that, or if it's related to being a Yokai.

And, well, if this is applicable to me as well, but I doubt it. I'm a Yokai descendant, yeah, but I'm related to a completely different type. Somehow, I don't think any Yuki-Onna has been sneaky in any meaningful way.

"Speaking of Rias, though…" I look at the redhead's knight. "You should probably tell her what we've been getting ourselves into. I think she should know, seeing that two of her peerage members are involved."

"Already done." He says, waving his phone. "She said she'll try to visit once she's done on her end."

Having her to back us up would be nice, but I don't think I'm comfortable with more eyes around me.

"Sona too?" I ask.

"Not sure." Kiba shakes his head. "Though Rias did mention that Sona was back in the underworld."

"Is she?" I hum. "That's odd. I thought she'd be in Kuoh, taking care of work there. Is she done already?"

"Not sure. They hadn't met up since we left Japan."

"Hmm…"

Though if she's done, why hasn't she come here yet? I thought for sure she'd follow us once everything got taken care of. Then again, Sona had been acting weird the last few times I saw her. A little more snappy, zoning out more than usual. Something must've really pissed her off.

…Oh, what do I know? It doesn't concern me, and I don't really care. Probably something private, too. To be honest, she's probably just stressed after so many significant events have been happening consecutively, and I understand wanting to unwind and relax at home. Being lazy does feel nice sometimes.

"So what should we do now?" Issei asks. "I mean, should we just wait for Koneko to come back?"

"Obviously not." I roll my eyes. "We're splitting up."

"Huh?" Asia blinks. "Why?"

"If we're all huddled up together like this, then none of the Overseer's minions will want to attack us," I respond. "We split up, and they might get brave enough to try something."

And they'll likely attack the weakest here, and that's Asia. More than that, I've figured out to whom this presence switched its observing. I had a feeling, and by the simple process of elimination, I figured out that whoever this Overseer is, he wants Asia. Or thinks she's interesting somehow. Assuming he was the one watching me, of course. I'm not entirely sure, though.

Regardless, Asia is the bait since she's the weakest. She's more likely to be targeted. Then it's Issei, then Kiba, then Ichi, and finally me, as I'm the strongest here in my base state by a long shot.

What I find really odd is how I'm the only one who feels it. It's becoming very clear that no one here, not even Koneko, senses it. But I can, and I'm 99% sure I have weaker senses than the cat. And what's even weirder is how I can still feel it even when it's not directed at me. It's like I'm somehow involved regardless, when that doesn't feel like it at all.

It's also not consistent. Sometimes it just disappears, which is why I told them the plan right now. I know that they're not watching me or Asia, giving me an opportunity to share what I'm thinking without them possibly figuring it out.

"Don't you think that's a bit too far?" Ichi asks.

"Is it?" I reply. "All of us here are at the level of High-class or above. Each of us can easily handle a bunch of low-tier thugs individually. Even Asia, who only threw a punch for the first time in her life just yesterday."

"Thanks?" Asia blinks.

"Yeah, see, this is under the assumption that all of them are low-tier thugs." He argues. "What if that's not the case? I mean, shit, I thought that too at first, but the CIA is involved in this mess, and the world might be in danger, apparently. Shouldn't we try to be a little more careful?"

"You worry too much." I pat him on the shoulder. "Think about it, even if they send in someone strong, we'll know immediately, and we can cross this entire city in seconds. It'll be fine."

"It's gonna be alright, Ichi." Asia nods. "I know I'm not the best at fighting, which is why I know when to run away and call you or Akane-san if things get dangerous."

Huh. It's as if she knows she's the bait here. I'm honestly impressed that she realized it so quickly. Ichi's concerns are valid for a guy like him, though, and if I could still use my tech, I could've just put a tracking chip on all of them and called it a day. But I can't do that, unfortunately.

But I do know a decent alternative.

"If you're that worried, then here."

I cast a simple spell around everyone here. A thin, nearly invisible sheet of ice surrounds each one. Ichi blinks in confusion as he and everyone else examine the spell in curiosity.

"What's this?" Kiba is the first to ask.

"It's like the armor spell I cast during battle," I answer. "But it functions a little differently. Instead of just tanking damage, it'll explode and freeze anyone that hits it hard enough."

"That sounds really dangerous." Issei's eyes widen.

"It doesn't hurt you, if that's what you're worried about," I reassure him. "Basically, it's explosive armor, and when the explosion goes off, I'll feel it. Only works once, though. Once it explodes, the armor is no more. Cuz any more than this and they might sense it."

"Like a trap spell…" Kiba hums. "Interesting."

"So?" I glance at Ichi. "Safe enough yet?"

"Heh, yeah. I don't think anyone would expect to be suddenly turned into a popsicle after an attempted kidnapping." He nods, clenching his fist and grinning. "Leave it to the prodigy to figure something out so quickly."

"Please. I'm a prodigy among prodigies, Ichi." I smirk. "Let's scatter. We'll meet back at the resort."

We split up, each of us going a different direction. Am I confident they're gonna try something? No, not really. However, there is a significantly higher chance that something will happen now than when we were looking for them earlier today. I hate that I'm actually expecting something, but oh well.

Here's hoping I don't get disappointed. That'd be annoying.




– Koneko –

She'd expected infiltrating the base would be a little tricky, but she was surprised by how straightforward it was. Koneko had received stealth training before coming to study in the human realm, so she was confident enough to do this, but it felt a bit too easy for her tastes. Really, there was barely any security to worry about. Or rather, competent security.

Scattering some of these brainless, unqualified thugs around to patrol the area wasn't what she would call genius. According to the CIA agent, they'd only just received the power-up that had made them into Low-class level combatants. There was no skill or training involved. So, besides their physical strength, they were just regular humans who were formerly homeless.

Was this what they should be worried about? Of course, Koneko knew not to underestimate the gang as a whole— they could have some ultra-secret weapon or combatant hidden somewhere. Magnus had said that their leader could be defeated specifically by either Ice Queen or Ichiban. Meaning he could be stronger than her.

Irritating, but the difference between her and Akane and Ichi was too big anyway. They were in completely different leagues. Regardless, despite her confidence, Koneko knew not to get cocky. She didn't let any of the guards even notice her, effortlessly slipping by and entering through a door in the far corner of District Five, opening to a corridor that led to a staircase going down.

It was an abandoned underground military base that seemingly covered the northern and eastern sides of Honolulu. The tunnels appeared to be in good condition, from the walls to the lighting, and so on. So this Dwight guy wasn't some two-bit gangster, then. Koneko hoped she could find the Barracuda leader somewhere here, or something that could lead them to him.

She posted an update for her friends, telling them she'd successfully infiltrated the enemy base before pocketing her phone. Koneko carefully made her way through the tunnels, minding the security cameras and mentally mapping out the area before her ears caught something in the distance. She quietly slipped into a separate room once she made sure no one was inside, slowly closing the door behind her.

She took a look around— an office of some kind. Hoping to discover something she could use, Koneko searched the room, unfortunately finding only useless things. Should've been expected. Surely, no one in their right mind would leave a bunch of important stuff in a random office like this.

Hearing the patrolling guards pass by the room she was in, Koneko exited and rushed forward, avoiding detection and searching through every room she spotted. Unfortunately, nothing. No documents, no pictures. Nothing useful. But she kept moving, skillfully avoiding every guard and camera in the way. This place was a huge maze, and Koneko almost lost hope after what felt like hours.

That was until she stumbled on a room unlike the rest— this wasn't an office or anything like that. After turning the lights on, it looked more like a medical clinic fused with a chemistry laboratory. It was much bigger than the other rooms as well, with operating tables with bloodied tools on them, tubes of strange liquid— everything that screamed 'mad scientist'. This must be where they made their drugs, so Koneko quickly snapped a few pictures, sharing them in the group chat before continuing her investigation.

Koneko admittedly wanted to destroy everything here, but that would probably alert everyone, and as big as this was, it didn't help her find Dwight yet. So after getting enough pictures of this room and a close-up of every object of interest, she moved on. Or, well, that was the plan until she found a large metal door in the corner of the lab.

"Patient Zero…" She muttered, reading the room tag next to the door.

She had seen enough shows and read enough books to understand what this was all about.

…I think I found their secret weapon. She thought, taking another picture. Or a zombie apocalypse in the making. Maybe both.

Not like zombies didn't exist already. But they were never a real threat, as they were often portrayed in human media.

Koneko wanted to check it out and see what was in there, but that probably wasn't a good idea. Directly above them was Honolulu, so if whatever was inside got out, there could be a lot of civilian deaths. She couldn't sense it, either, so she didn't know how powerful 'Patient Zero' could be.

"—Yes, I understand, but don't you know how hard it is to— I GET that we're being pressured by both sides! That doesn't justify you— oh my god, LET ME SPEAK!" A voice cried out, startling her. "Oh, so it's either this or release Patient Zero on a couple of teenagers? Seriously? What kind of shitty ultimatum is that? You're just gonna piss off the Overseer."

Hearing someone else suddenly enter the room, Koneko quickly hid behind a desk, peeking to see that someone was on their phone. Clearly a Barracuda, seeing that he was here, but he wasn't buff like them. Thankfully, he hadn't seen her.

Is he talking about us? Koneko frowned.

She glanced at the exit, but decided to stay for a couple of seconds, hoping this could end up giving her the information she needed.

"We're not dealing with normal drugs here, Dwight. This isn't fucking meth or cocaine. We're dealing with actual dragon blood." The stranger said. "Perfecting the improved version 'today' isn't gonna happen. It's impossible. Don't expect it for three months at least."

So they used dragon blood as a component for their drugs? It must be extremely watered down if it only raised a human's power from regular to low-class, then. Dragon blood was usually toxic to normal humans, after all. Well, it was either that, or they were taking extremely weak dragons as samples. As implied by this man's demands.

This was good information.

He then paused, his eyes narrowing slightly.

"…I could've sworn I turned the lights off when I left." He muttered, making Koneko tense.

Deciding she'd gotten what she wanted, Koneko didn't risk it and managed to silently slip away when he wasn't looking, exiting through a different door than the one she'd entered from. She breathed a sigh of relief, exploring more of the tunnels. She didn't find where Dwight was, but at least she knew that he was aware of them fucking up his stupid thugs. He wanted them gone.

As Koneko looked for an escape route, she paused, hearing what sounded like music coming from a room in the distance. She blinked, made sure no one was close by, and decided to see what that was about. Once again, she minded the cameras and avoided patrolling guards, eventually reaching the door and slowly opening it.

Her eyes went wide at what she saw— It was a gigantic underground mall where hundreds of people shopped, each and every one of them wearing a mask that completely obscured their face. The stores around her sold objects of supernatural nature, as well. In fact, there weren't just humans here, but what felt like devils, fallen angels, elves, dwarves, and so much more.

What the hell is this? Koneko almost couldn't believe it. This was below Honolulu the entire time?

"What the fuck?!"

Koneko flinched and quickly closed the door, looking behind and at the guard who spotted her. It was a mere moment when she wasn't paying attention— a rookie mistake. But as she saw him bring up his walkie-talkie close to his face, she rushed, getting behind him, grabbing him by the throat, and making him drop the walkie-talkie.

"L-let go of me—?!"

Before he could finish the sentence, Koneko moved her arms and swiftly broke his neck, prompting him to fall to the ground.

"Tsk…" She clicked her tongue in annoyance, staring at the corpse.

What a mess. How was she supposed to get rid of the body? They would know that someone had infiltrated them now that she had killed someone, which would only make Dwight more guarded. This could be a problem.

…But if that was the case…

Koneko backtracked, entering the lab once more. The scientist guy wasn't there anymore, but that didn't matter to her. She might as well leave them a little present.

And by present, she meant wrecking the place.





– Akane –

Not quite sure what I expected when I sent Koneko over to infiltrate the Barracuda's base, but a giant underground mall wasn't what I thought I'd see. I anticipated a lab or something since they'd need to make their drugs somehow, assuming they're not imported from somewhere, but a supernatural mall? Why would that exist?

I mean, I dunno, I expect to do my supernatural shopping outside the human realm entirely. With everyone there wearing masks, I'm gonna assume they're selling either illegal or counterfeit items. Maybe it's a black market of some sort, and with how well everyone is dressed, it's the real deal. Interesting.

I do want to check that out. Maybe they'll have what I want regarding Excelsis' robotic body. Like those Agreasite crystals Lucy told me about, since you can only legally acquire them from the Agares Clan. Among other things, of course. And when I say I want to check it out, I don't mean sneak in and pretend to be a customer. Oh no, I'm not dull. I'm raiding the fuck out of that place. Stealing every shiny thing that ever so slightly intrigues me.

Come on, it's basically a giant dungeon with treasure around every corner. A mall where everything is free. Yeah, I'm going to piss off a billion people in there from every race one could think of, but I'm simply doing my due diligence as one of the good guys and stopping illegal practices while confiscating their goods, and my reward for such a heroic act is to keep the things I've 'found.' Really, what bad thing would I be doing?

And I doubt anyone would be able to stop me. Something tells me not to expect any Satan-class enemies in there, and the only thing I'd need to worry about is whatever 'Patient Zero' could be. But it's me. Why should I worry about that? Whatever it is, I'd probably be way stronger than it. I'm almost tempted to just go in there and crash the party right now, but that's just because I'm bored out of my damn mind waiting for these guys to take the bait and attack Asia.

I guess they're afraid of her, too. I mean, a bunch of weakling thugs aren't gonna try their luck against someone who is physically high-class. Even though she's barely there. If I were to rank every high-class person I've ever met, Asia would be the weakest of them all: barely any training, almost zero combat experience, no magical ability. I'm not saying she's weak by any means. She can still splatter a regular human and low-class opponents with one punch, but compared to proper fighters? She wouldn't last that long. Good thing I cast that armor spell on her.

Regardless, they're taking their sweet time, and I'm starting to think that they won't try anything. That's unfortunate, and I'm admittedly pretty disappointed and annoyed, but it shouldn't be something to get pissy about. The good news Koneko brought us far outweighs that, after all.

Waiting by one of the darkest and quietest parts of the city, I lean against a lamp post and pull out a cigarette. I'm not really expecting anything— If they're not gonna ambush Asia, then they sure as hell won't try to ambush me. But, you know, it's hard to find moments like this these days. Peace and quiet.

If only I weren't being followed. And this time, I'm not talking about this Overseer.

"You know I can sense you, right?" I say loud enough for her to hear me. "What's with you, stalking me like this?"

The fallen angel girl who has been peeking at me from around the corner flinches in surprise before she approaches me, flustered and somewhat guilty.

"I-I'm not stalking you." She denies. "I was just… wondering where you were going. I mean, none of your friends are with you, so I thought—"

"And what's it to you?" I raise an eyebrow. I'm not particularly annoyed with her. Just curious. "You don't have to know what I'm doing or where I'm going, right?"

"Y-yeah…" She lowers her head. She's so anxious, this is honestly starting to be pretty amusing. "To tell you the truth, I just wanted to apologize."

"For what?"

"You know, when I tried to kill you? And your friends." She explains sheepishly. "I didn't really get the opportunity last time. I was too nervous when you and the devil dragged me out of the crowd."

"Oh, that? I mean, you did try to kill me, but I kicked your ass in return." I snort, making her laugh awkwardly. "So we'll let bygones be bygones. Besides, wasn't it under Kokabiel's orders?"

"It was. He was just insane." She nods. "What with his whole obsession with war and the 'end of the world' and whatever."

"And then I killed him," I respond. "I'm honestly a little surprised you're not upset by that at all."

"No way, he deserved it. The bastard." She scoffs. "He forced us to fight for him and do his bidding or die, completely going against Lord Azazel's policies. Even if you hadn't killed him, he would've faced execution anyway."

Good thing I was the one who splattered his brain and got that sweet, succulent EXP. Oh, if only I got his soul, too. I don't think I would've needed to use Excelsis against Shalba had I devoured it.

"That so?" I hum, putting the cig in my mouth and taking out my lighter.

But after rolling the sparkwheel a few times, I realize it's out of fuel, prompting me to click my tongue. That's annoying. I haven't been smoking as much lately, so I may have forgotten to refill it. Maybe I should make an infinite lighter or something. Using this as a base since I like its design.

"Ah, I have one I bought recently," Raynare says, taking one out of her pocket. "Here."

"That's convenient." I give her a smile as she lights up the cigarette for me. "Thank you."

"My pleasure, Lady Akane." She smiles back.

She's a lot more pleasant when she's docile. God, she used to be such an arrogant bitch back then. And now, she's calling me 'Lady' Akane. She knows I'm her superior, and it's a good fucking feeling.

I like being popular. No, I don't care how vain that is. It makes me feel great, and that's all that matters. Besides, she doesn't have an ulterior motive I have to worry about.

"You know, now that you're here, I am a little curious," I say after exhaling a cloud of smoke. "What happened after the yakuza sent you back to the Grigori?"

"Well, it's kind of a long story." She sighs. "After my interrogation, they contacted Lord Azazel to pick me up, and, well, he told me to explain everything that happened. Turns out, he'd been suspicious of Kokabiel long before that incident."

"And he just forgave you?" I raise an eyebrow. "Awfully kind of him, huh?"

"He is very kind, but he knows it's mostly Kokabiel's fault. Not mine or my colleagues'." Ray nods. "He then pulled me out of my combat role and gave me this vacation for a few months. He said it was his way to apologize."

"Right… Though you reminded me that we kind of killed your friends, too. Sorry about that." I apologize.

"It's fine. Letting bygones be bygones, right?" The fallen giggles. "Besides, we weren't friends. I didn't really like them."

Okay, not that I care, but I didn't expect to be so readily forgiven like this. My tone would've been a lot different had she 'killed one of us' back then. I guess she's that big of a fan?

…Maybe I can use that to my advantage. I don't know how loyal she is to the Grigori, but perhaps I can steal her away from them and use her as some form of inside agent. I have nothing against the Fallen Angels specifically, but just in case.

I don't like the way Azazel looked at me during the one time we met.

"And those two humans you were allied with? I distinctly remember them getting detained." I add. "What happened to them?"

"The yakuza executed them on the spot." Raynare answers. "And I might've been killed, too, had it not been for you vouching for me. So, thank you, Lady Akane. Seriously. I wouldn't be standing here if it weren't for you."

Right, I did do that. I guess that explains why she's so forgiving with me. I'd be a lot less annoyed with someone if they ended up saving my life, even though that should be the duty of any upstanding citizen. Saving me and dying for me in case I needed it.

"To be honest, back then, when I heard the news that you killed Kokabiel, I could never believe it. It just didn't make sense, because when we fought, you didn't feel anywhere near strong enough to do it." She adds. "But then I saw the tournament, and your performance was incredible, and now, standing right here and sensing your power…"

"Mind-boggling, isn't it?" I smirk. "Turns out I'm talent incarnate. Mix that with genuine hard work, and you get little ol' me~ If you ask me, I bet I can defeat Kokabiel several times over as I am right now."

"I don't doubt it. You're like a completely different person."

I should hire her as a personal hype woman. I'd love to get my ego massaged by someone so genuine, and she's got a lot of talent~

"Would you care to prove that, then?"

Interrupted by an unfamiliar gruff voice, I turn my head to the other side and spot a crowbar-wielding older man I've seen a picture of before. Tall with dark circles under his eyes and shoulder-length, unkempt hair. He's wearing a dark colored, typical suit over a turtle-neck and a large trench coat. In this heat, for some ungodly reason.

"Would you look at that?" My smirk widens as I face him properly, hand on my hips. "And here I was, losing hope that any of you dumbfucks would try it, only for the big shot himself to show up."

Yutaka Yamai raises an eyebrow.

"You were expecting me." He says. Not a question. A statement.

"Well, no. Not really." I shrug, freezing my cigarette and crushing it into icy particles. "But I did hope that you or a subordinate would try their luck."

"Um, who is this?" Raynare asks in a whisper. "You know him?"

"Yutaka Yamai, leader of the Yamai Syndicate," I say, loud enough for him to hear as well. "Former Tojo yakuza. Ran away and escaped Japan after he killed his own patriarch during the nineties over a ridiculous dispute regarding his boss's wife."

"You've done your research, Amamiya." He snorted, twirling his crowbar before resting it over his shoulder. "I'm a little impressed."

Thanks to Majima for that info. Something something the patriarch's wife was cheating on him with Yamai, who was in love with her and was tricked into killing her husband after she lied about abuse. Only for her to cheat on Yamai with the patriarch's captain, whom she then used to accuse Yamai of being a complete lunatic and killing her husband for no reason.

When Yamai escaped, the Tojo clan conducted a thorough investigation, identified the culprit, and promptly executed her. That's why they never tried to hunt him down. He was ultimately innocent.

Such an embarrassing mess. I can't believe the Tojo Clan let something this dumb go unnoticed until it turned into an actual problem.

"So am I," I reply. "Back then, there weren't a lot of yakuza at your level. Barely anyone was high-class, and you…"

Name: Yutaka Yamai

Title: Leader of the Yamai Syndicate

HP - 350,000

MP - 50,000

SP - 400,000

Race - Human

LVL - 561

STR - 3901

END - 3124

DEX - 3006

INT - 1024

WIS - 1042

CHA - 2000

LUK - 100

Average ultimate-class. Weaker than Shalba's base state, but that's still very impressive for a normal human. I don't know if he was this powerful back then or if he just became stronger after leaving the Tojo clan, but not many humans can reach this level. Although not who I'd consider a threat, credit where credit's due.

This is gonna be very fun~





– Yamai –

For the daughter of a legendary yakuza, he'd admittedly thought she'd be the spoiled princess type. A whiny rich girl, so spoiled that there probably wasn't a thing in this universe that she couldn't get by asking her father or Daigo. He almost wanted to say a liability, even. Why give someone like her access to any wealth or power? Blood relation aside, what did she bring to the table?

Really, what did she do that made her so important? Why would the Tojo Clan keep someone like her around?

"You might actually survive more than one hit." She giggled. "But if you don't want to suffer, then you can just tell me everything you know about the Overseer. Maybe I'll consider letting you go."

For the most part, his assessment was spot on. Arrogant. Annoying. Rude. Bonafide spoiled princess archetype. It was comical. This was the one that killed Kokabiel? The MVP of a tournament? Yes. Yes, she was, because beyond those surface-level traits…

His grip over the crowbar tightened, beads of sweat trailing down his cheek as her mana nearly suffocated him.

She was a fucking monster.

With an aura so powerful that it seemed to eclipse the entire island, even in a relaxed state, Yamai genuinely felt anxious in her presence. Behind that wide, almost bloodthirsty smirk on her face wasn't a fragile princess who would break at the slightest touch, but a merciless killer who looked at him like he was mere prey.

But Yamai wouldn't run away. How could he? She was an incredibly powerful foe—an aspect of her father whom he wished he could have fought while he was alive. Someone who could get his blood boiling and free him from this freezing sensation he'd felt for years.

"Overseer, eh? You're here for that arrogant bastard, then." He huffed, outwardly showing no reaction. "I thought you came to Hawaii for summer vacation."

"What's going on? Overseer?" The fallen angel next to Akane muttered, very confused.

"That was the case until those Barracuda morons interrupted me. Now I want their leader's head on a pike. You know, to make a statement." The monster princess responded. "So, be kind enough to cough up his whereabouts for me. Or prepare to taste concrete. Your choice."

She sure is arrogant for a little girl, though perhaps warranted if what I'm feeling isn't a fluke, Yamai thought. No wonder the Tojo Clan keeps her around. Anyone would want someone like her on their side.

"S-should you really start a fight in public?" The nervous girl said.

"There's no one here." Akane shrugged. "Besides, I know how not to be destructive. I can handle this."

"If you want the Overseer, you're out of luck," Yamai told her. "Completely invisible. No way to figure out his identity. Trust me, I tried, and I've been here for years."

Tatsu's daughter raised an eyebrow and hummed.

"And why is that?"

"Wouldn't you like to know?" He snorted. "See, the thing is, I didn't come here under his orders. I don't even work for that bastard."

It was a common misconception. Yamai didn't work for the Overseer; he worked with the Overseer. That know-it-all son of a bitch didn't have a hold on Yamai because, unlike Dwight and Wong, he couldn't be threatened. He was a man with nothing to lose. The Yamai Syndicate? Let them be annihilated— he frankly couldn't give a fuck. His own life? He wasn't afraid to die.

The Overseer primarily relied on threats, blackmail, and intimidation tactics to coerce others into working for him. Naturally, seeing how that didn't work on Yamai, the Overseer was smart enough to keep his distance from him, which was why Yamai had a lot of trouble figuring out his identity.

"Really now?" Akane said. "Then why are you here?"

"Isn't it obvious?" He twirled his crowbar. "I came here for you."

"Sorry, I have a boyfriend." She shrugged. "And you're too old for me, anyway."

"Oh, don't flatter yourself." Yamai waved it off. "I came here to see if you're just as strong as your old man."

"Ah, another battle junkie. Great…" She rolled her eyes. "But if it's a fight you want, then I'm afraid you won't find that here. Because all you're getting from me is the worst ass beating of your life."

Even as she released more of her magical aura, Yamai remained utterly unfazed.

"Good." He smiled. "That's what I like to hear."

"Um…" The fallen angel stammered.

"You'd better keep your distance, Ray," Akane told her. "But you can watch if you wish. It's not often you get front-row seats to see me in action."

She nodded nervously and backed away from them, going far enough so she didn't get caught in the crossfire. Because of how weak she was, she'd probably get obliterated by a mere shockwave from either of them moving too fast.

"You wanna get your ass kicked? Fine by me. I'll never say no to a punching bag." She shrugged, her smirk ever present as she opened her fist and showed him the palm of her hand. "Five seconds. That's how long it'll take me to knock your ass out."

Finally, Yamai's eyes narrowed, seemingly getting annoyed by her overwhelming arrogance. Powerful as she might be, she should know better than to underestimate her opponent. No matter, he'd teach her a lesson she wouldn't forget.

"But because you were brave enough to show up here alone, and because I'm a generous goddess," She added. "I'll make this fair and give you one hit. I won't dodge. I won't block. One direct attack where I won't do anything to avoid it."

Yamai clenched his fist.

"But only one shot. That's all you get. Afterwards, I'll start fighting back, so you better not waste it, 'mmkay?" Akane said. "And to make this even more fair, I won't even use any magic. It'll be straight hands from me."

"You're playing a dangerous game, princess."

"Oh, please. Take your best shot." She giggled, spreading her arms in a welcoming gesture. "And make it count, because I'll make sure it's your last."

Instead of letting this provoke him, Yamai decided to take her offer. Fine. As powerful as she may be, there's a difference between confidence and arrogance. Perhaps someone oughta teach her that.

Yamai rolled his neck, tightened his grip over the energy-enhanced crowbar, and charged at her, swinging it as hard as he could. True to her words, Akane didn't move an inch, taking the attack as the crowbar struck her in the face, causing a shockwave that shattered nearby glass and formed a crater beneath them.

The attack sent her flying backward, but impressively enough, she stood her ground and planted her feet on the concrete, taking a few steps backward and slowing down. Akane paused for a few seconds, then slowly lowered her head, looking at him with her now bloodied smirk widening further.

Yamai flinched.

She's definitely damaged, but… He stepped back. …Barely affected?

What the hell was she made of? Was she possibly 'Immortal' like her father was?

"Is that all you got?" She spat out a tooth and wiped the blood off her mouth and nose. "I told you you better not waste your shot. Oh, well~ My turn now~"

She brought one finger up and began counting.

"One."

As soon as she finished that word, Yamai was suddenly flying in the opposite direction as agony flared in his nose, followed by cold liquid trailing down his nostrils. He barely realized that an attack of hers had landed—an attack he couldn't even see happening or comprehend until he started bleeding.

She's fast! He thought in utter shock.

"Two."

Yamai tried to recover before he was struck again after hearing the second count. Not once, not twice, but dozens of times in less than a second. He tried but failed to defend himself in any meaningful way as Akane smashed his head against the sidewalk, throwing him through a lamp post and several mailboxes.

This time, he managed to recover as he flipped and landed on his feet, flinching and gasping in surprise as Akane was directly in front of him, in the middle of throwing another attack.

"Three."

With her third count, she delivered a powerful punch to the gut that nearly knocked him out right there and then. Then a hook, jab, kick— several dozen hits right before slamming him to the ground, forming yet another crater.

This time, as she prepared to stomp on his face, Yamai dodged, rolling to the side before getting up and throwing his own fist. Surprisingly, she didn't try to evade it. No, in fact, she blocked that punch using her own forehead, showing ungodly resilience unseen by most yakuza today.

"Four!" She laughed, grabbing his arm before swiftly twisting it in a very unnatural way.

His eyes widened, but he couldn't even get a scream of pain out before she grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled his head down to introduce it to her devastating knee, followed by a flurry of blows far heavier and quicker than anything prior. Yamai felt as if every bone in his body was broken in the exchange, agony coursing through him unlike anything he'd felt before.

Eventually, the brutal combo stopped, and he was left to fall backward before she supported him by putting a hand on his back, whispering her next word.

"Five~"

Before pulling her arm away and letting him fall on his back. Yamai gasped and panted with bloodied breaths, on the verge of passing out as Akane looked down at him with a wide, sadistic smirk. This girl was something else. He knew she was powerful—he'd felt her immense strength —but was the gap really that massive?

"So?" She squatted down and looked directly at him. "What did we learn today?"

"Hah…" He breathed. "Haha… The Tojo clan trained you well, didn't they?"

"Kind of. Was mostly me, though." She shrugged. "I guess Majima did give me a few pointers here and there."

"Insane." He chuckled. "You're a freak of nature."

"I've been told." She snorted. "So are you gonna—"

"A family of monsters." He panted. "Fuck. If that's what your daughter can do, then what the fuck were you made of, Tatsu Amamiya?"

"Hmm? My dad is dead, y'know?" She blinked before her eyes widened. "Ah, wait, don't go towards the light. I still need answers about the Overseer. You can die afterwards."

Eventually, that was when Yamai had finally lost consciousness.

For the first time after what felt like forever, Yamai didn't feel cold anymore.

I missed my smug gremlin :(

also new art. Character sheet of said gremlin where she defintely isn't using illusion magic to make herself look bigger. Definitely. Trust

Spoiler: Awooga
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 63 others
Mirlnir
Aug 27, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 67: A Nun's Resolve New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Oct 21, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,036
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Asia –

Since coming to Hawaii, nearly all of her time had been spent around her friends. Even when split up, she'd had at least one person near her. Naturally, as they had no reason for each of them to go their own different ways, the only time Asia could remember being truly alone was at the resort, but it was practically home for the month, so what was there to worry about?

Now, forced to actually walk by herself, Asia realized how nerve-wracking this was. There was no one to talk to, no one to lead her anywhere. It was just her and her alone. Stuck with her thoughts. It reminded her of the time when she'd walked the streets of Kuoh all by herself before she'd met Akane. It was… not a good time, admittedly.

After having been excommunicated by the church, Asia had felt a sense of aimlessness. What was she to do now? Had she truly disgraced herself as a nun? Had she done the wrong thing by healing that wounded devil? Had she perhaps angered the Lord, and that was her punishment? Those questions had plagued her. They'd made her unable to argue against the church's decision. This did not help her conscience after discovering that the devil turned out to be a terrible, terrible person.

She kept holding on to her faith, of course. After all, what else did she have left? If she had truly done a terrible act, then she should face proper punishment, which had turned into a blessing in disguise after meeting the person she could now proudly call her older sister.

Regardless, this situation was a tad too similar, but this time, Asia wasn't so aimless. Although she was still very anxious since she was supposed to act as 'bait' for a bunch of bad people to take, this time, she had a purpose, and it felt good. To be focused with a clear goal in mind—not experiencing that crippling feeling of uncertainty was incredible.

That didn't necessarily fix her nervousness, but being determined made up for it. And despite clearly being the weakest fighter in her group, Akane had told her to be more confident in herself, and if someone as intelligent as her older sister said someone as soft as Asia could take on a couple of thugs by herself, then she was probably right. Right? Right.

Asia needed to prove that Akane was right. She'd spent so much time training with her and Mizuki and had transformed into a completely different person. While Asia most definitely lacked experience, having never actually fought anyone before, she had some skill in martial arts and even spearplay, courtesy of Mizuki showing her how to use one a few times. She didn't know how that would help her when there was no spear around to pick up, but it was something Asia was proud of, darn it.

Maybe I should've asked Onee-chan to make me one? Asia thought before cringing slightly. …It still sounds weird even when I say it in my head.

Eventually, she won't feel so embarrassed to call Akane that. She wanted to take pride in saying 'Onee-chan'.

Then again, carrying a spear of ice around in public might get me in trouble with the law. I've heard Hawaii is a lot stricter when it comes to that compared to other states. She hummed to herself, noticing that there were fewer and fewer people around her as she walked. And I don't think carrying something made out of ice is going to be comfortable anyway…

She had no idea how Akane was doing it. How could one be 'immune' to the cold? Didn't that sound too weird? No, what was weirder was how the armor spell she'd cast on Asia didn't really feel cold either. Could she control the temperature of her ice, perhaps? Wasn't that a very advanced technique, though? If that was the case, then it was hard to believe Akane had only started practicing magic just a few months ago. Her sister was genuinely amazing.

During her walk, Asia stopped near the docks in the southeast of Honolulu, near stores that offered the borrowing of water boats for one's amusement. During the day, she'd noticed these places becoming swarmed with tourists wanting to take a boat or two for a spin near the shores, and for good reason. Despite her fear of deep water, she thought those looked like so much fun.

But at night, no one was here. In fact, it looked like the stores were closed, and it hadn't taken her long to reason why that was the case. It was probably too dangerous to allow these activities in such darkness. Perhaps that was also why the beach was so empty during these hours. It'd be very difficult to see if someone was drowning.

Asia stepped closer toward the fence, glanced down at the ocean, frowned in mild discomfort, then promptly stepped away. No good. Even if she was objectively safe, she couldn't even get close to deep water before feeling her skin crawl. She never thought she'd be afraid of the sea that much…

"Help!"

Asia flinched, suddenly hearing the echo of a cry for help nearby. Her gaze sharpened, and she looked in the direction of the noise, and didn't waste a second before walking toward it. She didn't know where it came from, but perhaps—

"Help me! Please!"

Hearing it a lot more clearly, Asia realized it came from the port. Other people nearby who heard the cries looked concerned, looking at each other and talking about calling the police. None of them felt brave enough to investigate except for Asia, who fearlessly sprinted toward the noise. Through tight corners and near massive cargo containers, she stopped near the edge of the port, looked around, and saw a man lying against one of the containers with his hands on his legs. His face was one of agony, prompting her to approach him without hesitation.

"Are you okay, mister?" She said, crouching next to him. "What happened?"

However, he didn't answer as his expression switched to a smirk before he lunged at her. Asia flinched, her lack of experience making her shut her eyes and weakly put her hands up defensively instead of appropriately reacting to someone's attack. Thankfully, the moment the man touched her face, the shield activated and exploded, freezing him whole and giving Asia an opportunity to back away.

She gasped and stood up, eyes wide in shock and concern. She blinked a few times, seeing that the statue of ice was holding a handkerchief for whatever reason. Why was he attacking her with that? Unfortunately, Asia didn't have the time to ponder such a thing before more people jumped down from the containers and the nearby buildings. She was surrounded.

And by the looks of it, these people weren't ones she was familiar with. Unlike the musclemen of the Barracuda, these people had regular builds, dressed regularly, and were predominantly asians. Were they from the other groups that the CIA agent warned them about?

None of them said a thing to her, quietly speaking Mandarin to each other before they got ready to attack and kidnap her. They all held weapons, as well. Some had guns, others wielded Chinese swords and spears, and a few had things like crowbars and pipes. First thing Asia noticed, however, was that they felt more powerful than the Barracuda thugs. Not massively, but definitely stronger.

Admittedly, Asia did not know what to do about this. Akane had said they might attack, and even then, it was a very, very low chance. To think they'd targeted her out of everyone else… was it because she was the weakest? Probably. She didn't think they were brave enough to ambush her big sister or Ichi like that.

"S-stay back!" Asia squeaked out, putting her hands up. "I-I won't hesitate to hurt you if you get any closer!"

The thugs slowly circled around her like hyenas preparing to tear into their prey, and all the confidence she had simply vanished into thin air. Being told she was strong was one thing, but having to fight several people on her own was a lot scarier than she thought it would be. And they all had weapons, too. What was Asia supposed to do? She was strong, yes, but did she truly have what it took to beat up so many on her own?

Asia glanced at the way she came from, wondering if she was able to escape. Her hopes were quickly dashed away once she saw one of them blocking the way. This could be very bad. She had to do something soon before—

As one of the thugs rushed her, Asia caught his advance from the corner of her eye and was thankfully fast enough to evade the swing of his crowbar. She stepped away from him, and more people followed suit, trying to attack her with their weapons. Panicking, the blond had momentarily forgotten about the 'attacking' part of defending herself, and focused purely on evading damage.

She thanked the Lord in Heaven that she was much faster than any of them, but eventually, she was overwhelmed, and one of the thugs hit her head with the end of the steel pipe, prompting her to cry out in pain. However, she managed to stay on her feet, realizing it didn't hurt as much as she thought it would. Sure, it was painful, but not cripplingly so.

So she quickly recovered and, for the first time, attacked back, punching the culprit in the chest and sending him flying toward a red cargo container, smashing through it. The thugs were all shocked, and so was Asia. Knowing her strength was one thing, but seeing it for herself? Was this what it meant to be powerful? Because Asia liked that feeling. It made her feel confident.

Confident enough to defend herself properly.

"I-I told you I won't hesitate!" She warned again, her tone ever so slightly less anxious.

That, however, didn't deter them as they all attacked again. First, it was the gunmen who shot at her, and those weapons were clearly of supernatural origin, as, while they didn't turn her into Swiss cheese, they hurt way more than getting hit in the head with a steel pipe. She grunted and gasped in pain, getting out of the way of the bullets.

With her eyes closed, she didn't see where she was going and bumped into one of the spearmen, who was about to stab her in the chest with a strong thrust. But Asia barely moved out of the way and then kicked him in the side, knocking him down and making him drop his weapon.

Acting quickly, Asia grabbed the spear and used it to block the wide, vertical swing of one of the swordsmen coming from behind, pushing him with a kick before thrusting the spear at his leg. Blood gushed out of the wound, making her flinch and back away as he screamed in pain.

Despite seeing it many times in recent months, watching so much blood still shook her and made her feel queasy. But this was the first time she'd been the one responsible for such an injury. She didn't know what to do. Asia almost threw the spear away to heal him before remembering that he was her enemy and that the wound she inflicted was not lethal. Even then, the guilt wasn't so easy to ignore.

In her shock, Asia didn't notice another one of the thugs coming from behind and hitting her in the head with a crowbar, making her cry out in pain and drop the spear. Unlike last time, she couldn't dodge right away from the second attack as the thugs surrounded her and beat her to a pulp with their weapons. Asia desperately tried to protect herself, and while the attacks weren't as fatal as they looked, they eventually wore her down. She felt herself bleeding from wounds forming on her head and face.

Tears of pain and fear rolled down her cheeks, her cries muted after being forced down to the ground from the onslaught until, suddenly, the attacks stopped.

Asia opened her eyes and saw someone extending one hand to her as the other held a baseball bat. For a moment, she thought it was Ichi that had come to save her, but it wasn't. It was someone else she recognized. Someone she had met just earlier today.

"Are you okay?" The Sage of Palekana said, his tone filled with worry.

Asia's eyes widened, but she took his hand, and he helped her up. That was when she realized that the man blocking the exit was out cold, likely knocked unconscious by the man in front of her. They'd been too focused on her and didn't notice his presence, perhaps?

That was when one of the thugs screamed at the gunmen something in Mandarin, prompting them to aim their weapons at Bryce. For a split moment, they seemed a lot more hesitant for some reason, which made Asia quickly pick up one of the weapons dropped by the thugs and throw it at the closest gunman, hitting him square in the face and knocking him out. However, she still moved and got in front of Bryce, taking the shots for him as the second gunman started shooting, knowing she could survive.

Eventually, he ran out of ammo, and Asia used this opportunity to rush forward and strike him in the face before he could reload, sending him flying out of the port and into the sea.

"Goodness…" Bryce's eyes were wide in disbelief. "You were shot."

"Look out!" Asia yelled as one of the thugs got behind him.

But it was too late as the thug hit him hard in the head. Unlike Asia, who could endure such punishment, the fragile old man immediately fell to the ground, unconscious. Seeing this made her gasp in horror, but she couldn't let this catch her off guard as she rushed forward and knocked out the assailant with a single punch.

She crouched near Bryce and activated her Sacred Gear, healing the old man as the open wound on his head closed immediately. Asia sighed, but her relief was short-lived as more and more people arrived, surrounding her again and making her bite her lower lip anxiously. What was she supposed to do now? Defending herself was one thing, even if she was terrible at it, but now, she had someone to take care of as well.

Oh, Father in Heaven… Asia prayed, growing more fearful by the second. I seek your guidance and help. Please…

As the thugs attacked, Asia shut her eyes and hoped for someone to rescue them.

Akane. She begged for her big sister. Please save us.

For a moment, Asia apologized to her sister for being so weak and wasting her shield spell, but just then, her prayers were answered as she felt the familiar warmth of the Lord wash over her, and several of the thugs suddenly cried out in agony. A violent whirlwind formed around Asia and the unconscious Bryce, keeping them at bay.

It wasn't Akane that had saved her, but two familiar swordswomen she had come to know a while back—exorcists wielding legendary artifacts of holiness and power.

"Just in time~" Irina giggled. "Always fun to make a dramatic entrance, right, Xenovia?"

"You. Nun." Xenovia, on the other hand, was a lot more blunt as she glanced at Asia. "Are you hurt?"

"U-um… No, I'm okay." Asia nodded, getting on her feet. "Thank you so much! I thought I was done for."

"You're lucky we were in the area," Irina said. "Heard the commotion and thought to investigate."

"The people here are weak and cowardly." Xenovia scoffed. "They would rather let people die than act. All they do is call the police and hope law enforcement will handle it."

"Yeah, no, that's the normal human response, Xenovia." Irina sighed. "Well, anyway, you won't have to worry anymore. You're gonna be safe now, Asia."

"What of the old man?" The blue-haired swordswoman asked.

"He's fine. He tried to help me and got hit, but I healed him."

"Hmm, so not everyone here is a coward." Xenovia tightened her grip on Durandal as she addressed the thugs. "I will give you only one chance to leave. Take it, or I'll use this blade to send you to stand before the Lord myself."

"Overkill, Xenovia." Irina sighed again.

Thankfully, that seemed to have intimidated them enough as they took her words seriously and began running away. This prompted a big sigh of relief from Asia. Oh, thank the Lord it was over…

At the same time, Asia tightly clenched her fist in frustration. Despite feeling safe now that she had two proper warriors near her, she couldn't help but feel annoyed with herself. She had the power advantage, but she was just too afraid to use it. She was still weak.

If only she hadn't been such a pushover, then maybe…

"Nun." Xenovia sheathed her sword and looked at Asia. "Will you be okay on your own? Do you need us to escort you somewhere?"

"U-um…"

"Aw, look at you being nice to the 'Disgraced Nun'~" Irina snickered. "Maybe you do care about her after all~"

"False," Xenovia said. "It's my honor as a swordswoman and a woman of God to protect those who cannot protect themselves. Whether she's disgraced and lacks the light of the Lord is irrelevant."

"Uh-huh." Her partner smirked. "Keep telling yourself that."

"You're so annoying." The blue-haired swordswoman scowled. "Why would I lie about something like this?"

"What are you talking about? I never accused you of lying." Irina shrugged, making Xenovia click her tongue. "Anyway, come on, Asia. Let's take you somewhere safe."

"What were you doing by yourself, anyway?" The other exorcist asked.

"It's… complicated." Asia sighed. "Um, I know a place, and I'm sure Akane will explain everything."

"Very well." Xenovia nodded, eyes sparkling as soon as Asia uttered her big sister's name. "Lead the way."

With how persistent the blue-haired exorcist was and constant demands to duel her big sister…

Akane may not be pleased about this.


– Akane –

This displeases me greatly.

I watch the two dumbass exorcists make themselves at home in a place that doesn't need them. Really, what the hell was Asia thinking bringing these two morons here? This tiny bar is crowded enough as is. We definitely don't need two amateurs involved in this whole conspiracy. They're just gonna make it worse. Or be deadweight to us at best.

But honestly, I can handle them. Irina isn't really that annoying and tends to keep Issei distracted and away from me, so I can't hate her. And Xenovia, despite being an infuriating little bitch, can be useful. She's nowhere as strong as I or Ichi, but she's definitely up there. Really, I'd say the third strongest, not counting Magnus. So yeah, I can maybe tolerate that.

No, what's really displeasing is watching Asia enter the bar looking all beat up. Bruised, beaten, scratched— turned her adorable little face into a mess. First of all, why didn't she text me or anyone else that she got into a fight? Is she fucking stupid? Second, why didn't I feel the explosive armor I cast on her go off? That was part of its function. What, was I too focused on Yamai to notice it? Did they set up some kind of device or spell that blocked sensing? Third, why the fuck did she not heal herself before entering? Did she forget she could do that?

Fourth, and finally, why in the hell did she bring the old man to the bar instead of a hospital? She explained what happened already, with him showing up to help and all, but why do we need him here? What does he bring to the table besides some dumbass wisdom that would probably do us no good in the long run?

This is a mess. I knew she'd make good bait since she was the weakest, but I didn't expect things to go that south on her part. Partly her fault for not calling anyone for help. It's almost like she wanted to get kidnapped or something. Idiot.

I resist a sigh once Asia gives me a strained smile after she notices me staring. I would've been a lot more mad if she'd made this situation any more difficult than it had any right to be. She should be glad she's still here, or I might've spanked her in front of everyone. I might actually just relegate her to a pretty face to be looked at rather than someone reliable if this happens again.

On the flipside, some good news. Thankfully.

"I can't believe you already captured one of their leaders," Magnus mutters, looking very surprised as he stares at the knocked-out form of Yamai on one of the booth couches. "Barely a day…"

"Told you I'd figure it out." I shrug with a smug smirk.

"I'm gonna go on a limb and say we were just really lucky," Ichi responds, looking at me with an exasperated expression. "What are the odds of you stumbling on one of the leaders, anyway?"

"Nope. Zero luck involved. All peerless skill and unrivaled intellect." I wink and tap on my forehead. "Though, then again, he was talking about my father a lot…"

After I'd beaten up Yamai and knocked him out, I dragged him to the bar with Ray in tow, who had no idea what was going on the entire time. Thankfully, when I told her to wait until we arrive at the bar, she kept the incessant questions to a minimum. She's a pathetic weakling, but I gotta admit, I really love this type of obedience. I don't even know what I did to make her so submissive, but really, I shouldn't be surprised.

I am me, after all.

Regardless, once we arrived, I sent a text in our group chat recalling everyone back to the bar. We already got everything we need in the form of the unconscious Yamai, so letting them run around uselessly would do us no good. I mean, we got one of the leaders. Anything else would be automatically worse, right? Then again, I do feel somewhat worried. He mentioned trying to find out who the Overseer was for years with no luck.

He could be lying, of course, but something tells me that's not the case. I don't know what we're supposed to do with him if he does end up being useless, but a second ass-kicking would most definitely be in order. Seriously, how dare he show up if he has nothing of value to offer me? People like him should be ashamed of themselves. A boss mob, regardless of how weak it is, must drop valuable items. That's how it works.

"Perhaps he was an old enemy of your father?" Kiba wonders out loud. "And he simply wanted revenge?"

"Maybe, but I highly doubt it." I shake my head. "He spoke about him with a tone closer to respect than anger. Besides, I asked Majima about him. He has no history with my dad."

"Then why did he attack you?" Issei questions. "Gotta be a reason, right?"

"Nope." I snort. "Just yet another battle junkie biting off more than he can chew. You know how it is."

Xenovia does not appreciate the smirk I give her when I say that.

"I'd say he's a moron for picking a fight he knew he'd lose," Magnus says. "Was this under the Overseer's orders, perhaps?"

"I don't think so. He told me he doesn't work for the Overseer." I tell them, glancing at the CIA agent. "The file you gave us might not be as accurate as you thought it was."

"Could be a lie." Ichi points out.

"Could be." I shrug. "That's why we're gonna wake him up and get answers directly from him. Asia, heal him."

"Are you sure that's safe?" Raynare asks.

"If he thinks he can do anything with everyone here, then we can safely say I've accidentally given him brain damage," I respond. "Let's just hope that's not the case. I didn't even hit him that hard."

As I give Asia the OK, she obeys and activates Twilight Healing. The wounds I gave him disappear, scratches closing up, and bruises heal in less than five seconds. He doesn't wake up yet, of course, but that's why I went to fill a glass with water before pouring it on his face. Yamai gasps awake, eyes widening in surprise and confusion, before he sees everyone in the bar staring at him. His eyes are then drawn to me and my smirk, his own expression falling and returning to a frown.

"Good morning~ Had a nice nap?"

He doesn't say anything for a moment, realizing that his injuries aren't there to bother him anymore.

"You can thank her for that." I point at Asia once I pick up on his confusion. "But you're about to get hurt again real soon if you don't answer my questions."

Yamai doesn't seem intimidated as he sits on the couch properly.

"I told you already. I don't work for him." He answers before I can ask. "I don't know who he is or where he's hiding, and I've been looking for him for years."

"My informant had pointed you out as one of three gang leaders who worked directly for him." Magnus disagrees. "We have the evidence; in 2014, you, Dwight Mendez, and Wong Tou were involved in a large-scale search all over Hawaii looking for a treasure called the 'Esperanza'. Care to explain the discrepancy?"

"Treasure?" Ichiban blinked. "Like, actually?"

Treasure, you say? Isn't that interesting?

"Oh, I've heard about it." Ray chips in. "The Esperanza is the name of a Spanish ship loaded with silver and gold looted from Incan temples. It's a long story, but eventually the ship was destroyed and the survivors managed to bury their treasures somewhere in Hawaii. Happened during the early nineteenth century, I think."

"Pirates attacked them, I assume?" Xenovia questioned.

"That and bad luck with the weather." Raynare nods.

"Interesting trivia." Kiba hums.

"I didn't join the search under his orders. I did it to take what he was looking for before he could." Yamai says as we return to the subject at hand. "Whatever this 'Esperanza' thing was, it can't just be gold and silver if it was important to the Overseer. I thought by getting it first, I'd have a chance at getting rid of him."

"Heh." I chuckle. "I'll say, old man. I like the way you think."

"Did you find it?" Issei asks.

"I didn't." He shakes his head. "Whatever it is, it's definitely not in Hawaii. I checked every island, small and big, and found no trace."

"Then, can we safely assume the Overseer hasn't found it either?" Magnus questions.

"No. He most certainly found it." Yamai says.

"How are you so certain?" I raise an eyebrow.

The former tojo yakuza looks at me.

"Because he stopped looking for it." He says. "And if there's one thing I know about him, it's that he doesn't give up."

Hmm… could this Esperanza be the artifact he wants to use? Should be. Everything is lining up perfectly, but I'm still curious. Is it just a ship, or something more than that? Can a ship even be powerful enough to threaten the entire world? If so, then taking it for myself might not be possible after all. I mean, I can hide an artifact or a weapon in my inventory, but I can't store entire vehicles. One of the system's dumbass 'rules', I guess.

Cosmic force of unrivaled might my ass.

Nevertheless, I'm still interested in it. Sure, maybe I can't have it, but I sure as fuck can still study and examine it. Whether it's magical or mechanical, I can incorporate what I learn from it into my tech, because if it's a thing that can destroy the world, then it sure as fuck is worth my time. That's if it is a ship, of course. It could still be a regular artifact I can hold in my hands, which would be even better.

Regardless of what it is, I'd still benefit from it.

"I realized soon after that he found it first. At the time, I thought he had become out of reach." Yamai continues. "But now he's looking for something else. Something he hasn't found yet."

"Oh?" I cross my arms, looking intrigued. "And that is?"

"He's searching for someone called Lani." He says, making me pause.

Huh. That name sounds oddly familiar.

"Lani? Lani Mililani?" The old man Asia brought with her parroted as he sat properly, finally up from his nap, seemingly. He looks at Yamai with an expression of concern and shock. "Are you certain?"

Yamai blinked and nodded.

"Yes." He answers. "…You're the Sage of Palekana, aren't you? Owner of the orphanage? I thought I recognized you."

"Why is he looking for her?" The Sage asks. "What could she possibly have that this… 'Overseer' would want?"

So it's all connected in the end. It's the girl who was kidnapped by the bitch who has my name, which I planned to deal with once I got rid of the bigger problem. Now I can hit two birds with one stone. Very convenient.

"I don't know," Yamai says. "I just know that he turned Honolulu upside down trying to look for her. He is still looking for her across Hawaii. If he doesn't find her here, he'll probably try to branch out to other states."

"Doubtful." Magnus quips. "CIA presence in the mainland is huge. If he values secrecy that much, he wouldn't risk it."

"Point is, if he's still looking for her here, then he probably has a good reason to believe she's still in Hawaii." I point out. "Meaning we have our way in. If we find Lani first, the Overseer won't have any choice but to show himself."

"And that's when we strike." Ichiban agrees. "I mean, call me cocky, but I don't think he'd stand a chance against all of us combined."

"Dunno about cocky. I think the confidence is warranted. C'mon, look at us." Issei grins, patting Ichi on the back. "I doubt anyone could hold a candle to us when we're together. Imagine if Rias and Sona were here too?"

"We'd be unstoppable," Ichiban responds as he and Issei share a fist bump. "Hell yeah!"

"Hell yeah!"

"I think we're getting ahead of ourselves, friends," Kiba adds, reining them back in. "We have to actually find Lani first."

Which wouldn't be tough without my Spyders, but fuck me, I guess.

"At the very least, we know what to do now." I nod, glancing at Yamai. "What about Dwight and Wong, though? Are they gonna be a problem?"

"They don't measure up to you lot in terms of strength, but they're gonna try to stop you anyway," Yamai answers, standing up. "If you're really planning to look for Lani, the Overseer is gonna know what you're up to immediately, and he's got both Dwight and Wong by the balls."

And the only slightly worrying thing is whatever Patient Zero the former has locked up. Wong might have something similar, though—an ace of some kind. I can't ignore the possibility.

"Where do you think you're going?" I raise an eyebrow as he walks toward the exit.

"If you need more info, then you'd better start looking for Dwight and Wong." He says. "I told you everything I know."

I don't bother myself by trying to stop him, and neither does anyone else. I mean, hey, we pretty much wrung him out of all the info he might have, I can tell that much. And while the smart thing to do right now is to either kill or imprison him so he stops being an annoyance later, I doubt he'd do something like that. Like he said, he doesn't work for the Overseer. That's why he told us all he knew without struggle.

So, you know, I might as well show him mercy. I'm not without it, after all. Besides, I'd rather not kill a potential devour target so uselessly. He doesn't have any strong skills or perks I can steal as far as I'm aware, but stats are stats.

"One last piece of advice," Yamai says as he stops at the door. "The Overseer is no pushover. I don't know how he does it, but each time he avoided me, he did it in a way that made it seem like he knew all of my plans. Plans I told no one about."

"Yeah, maybe it's because you're a predictable battle junkie." I scoff. "We're in completely different worlds. You don't compare to me."

Instead of this offending him in any way, Yamai just snorts in amusement and says his farewells.

"Good luck, Amamiya."

As the door closes behind him, Magnus speaks.

"Can't say I'm not surprised by how cooperative he was being." He mutters before smiling at us. "You kids are a lot more effective than I gave you credit for. Well done. Don't think this would've gone as smoothly without you."

"See?" I smirk, one hand on my hip. "I killed Kokabiel and Shalba Beelzebub. This is nothing to me."

"Your ego is showing again." Koneko deadpans.

"Yes, and you should bask in my divine presence. Really, you should be grateful you're on my side." I giggle. "Have you ever seen someone this gorgeous be so powerful, intelligent, and competent at the same time? I bet not. I'm literally the Chosen One."

Koneko tries to respond, likely by saying something blunt and scathing, which would roll off me as smooth as butter, seeing how awesome I am, but Ichi puts a hand on her shoulder and shakes his head.

"Don't." He tells her with a weary expression on his face. "Nothing you say is gonna work."

Because everything I said about myself is already true.

I know what I am.

"Are you okay, Mr. Bryce?" Asia asks the Sage, who, unlike us, seems very distraught.

He takes a moment before he responds.

"All this time, I thought Ms. Akane had kidnapped Lani for vile reasons. Perhaps for ransom or to use Lani's incredible blessing for her own selfish gain." He says, his tone quiet, sorrowful, and almost defeated. "But she was just trying to protect her?"

My lips thin as I watch him on the verge of breaking down into tears, not really liking what I'm seeing, but not sure why I don't. I bring up his stats to see if that helps, but his 'thoughts about you' section says nothing out of the ordinary. I already know I'm a 'powerful person'.

Hmm…

"What are you talking about?" Xenovia blinks. "Akane is right here."

"Another Akane," I tell her.

"Really? Huh. What are the odds?" Ichi scratches the back of his head. "That's three Akanes I know."

"Three?" I blink. "There's a third?"

"My boss' wife." He says. "She's also named Akane. She passed away a long time ago."

What are the odds indeed… My name is relatively common, but that's pretty unusual.

"By her grace…" Bryce mumbles. "I… I need some fresh air. I need to think."

"Let me aid you," Asia says, helping him up. "Would you like me to walk you to the orphanage?"

"…Yes. Yes, I would." He smiles at her gratefully. "Thank you, young lady."

Asia glances at me, and I give her permission by nodding. She nods back, smiles, and leads him outside. I stare directly at Bryce until he and Asia exit the bar. Probably my imagination, but it doesn't hurt to be careful…

"Koneko, think you can go with them? To make sure they don't get attacked again."

The cat gives me a thumbs up and follows after them.

"Anyway…" Magnus clears his throat. "You lot should take the rest of the night off and rest. I'll report everything we've learned, and then we can think about what we should do next. Sounds good, Ms. Amamiya?"

"Sure. It's getting late anyway." I shrug and stretch my arms. "And I'm getting hungry. Anyone up for pizza?"

"Oh fuck off. Again? We had pizza like ten times already." Ichi clicks his tongue. "No, we're gonna eat something else."

"Too bad," I respond smugly, showing him the order on my phone. "Already ordered."

"Wha– how?! When?!"

"Not telling~"

What other purpose could my genius intellect serve besides developing an app for my phone that instantly orders pizza from the nearest location with just one touch?

I'm the most intelligent person on this planet.




– Asia –

Despite everything that had happened, Asia felt an overwhelming sense of frustration with herself. And why wouldn't she? All this training with Akane and Mizuki— all those times she'd promised herself and the people around her that she wanted to be more determined and sure of herself meant nothing. All of it had crumbled at the first sign of danger.

It felt humiliating. Degrading. Was healing others all she was capable of? Was staying back as everyone risked their lives the only thing she could do? Was Asia's fate being saved by those more competent than her? She hated that. She didn't want that to be true. But how could she disprove that notion if she couldn't even pick off a couple of 'weak mobs' as Akane put it?

Even though she was stronger, even though she'd trained so hard for so long, she'd still failed to even remotely defend herself. Was she really that hopeless? Was she truly that timid and weak, and was there nothing she could do about it? It was painful and disheartening. The mere thought almost made her sob.

And to make matters even worse, she could see and feel the disappointment in Akane's reaction to what had happened. While her worry and concern for Asia's well-being were obvious to see, her subtle staring and quiet sighs tore Asia's heart to shreds. It made her want to curl up in a ball and cry until no more tears could be shed. She was weak and utterly worthless to have disappointed her big sister like that.

How could Asia be trusted again if her first real 'mission' ended in such disaster? No wonder Akane sent Koneko with her. Asia wouldn't trust herself to walk an old man to his house either. She'd somehow mess that up and end up in a situation where she needed saving.

Silently, as she and Koneko walked Bryce back to the orphanage, Asia clenched her fists, her lower lip trembling as she fought back a cry of frustration. Frustration at herself for being a weakling. For being a big crybaby that'd never amount to anything more than that. How could she even stand next to the likes of Akane and Ichi? Someone as pathetic as her…

Asia paused and glanced at Koneko beside her, who suddenly held her wrist gently. Koneko looked at her with an expression of worry.

"Are you okay?"

Asia's expression relaxed somewhat, but she didn't answer as she looked down at her feet.

"You seem upset," Bryce said as they stopped near the orphanage, noticing her troubled look.

Asia hesitated, then exhaled.

"I…" She mumbled, not making eye contact with either of them. "I feel… useless."

They waited for her to finish.

"Compared to everyone else, I— it feels like I'm out of place." She adds. "Everyone is so proactive. They have roles and contribute so much while I do nothing of value."

"That's not true." Koneko disagreed. "Of course, you have a role. You're our healer. A lifeline."

"You're trusted. You're relied on to do big and dangerous missions. To do more." Asia argued as tears began to stream down her cheeks. "But me? What do I do?"

Koneko wanted to respond, but couldn't.

"You barely ever needed healing outside of training. I barely saved anyone ever." She sobbed. "And when it was time to rely on me, the moment Akane trusted me to do something more than healing, I failed. I-I was too weak to live up to her expectations. What does that make me?"

"Asia…" Koneko frowned, clearly not knowing what to say.

"I'm just… tired of being saved. Of being so scared and meek." The blond sniffled. "I want to be like her. I want to be strong and confident. I want to be assertive and do more. I want to be someone Akane can rely on beyond just a healer."

But that was never gonna happen at this rate. The way Asia had handled the ambush was utterly catastrophic, given that it had no right to be. She knew she was stronger than all of them combined. She knew that, if she weren't so timid and inexperienced, she would've defeated them all. She wouldn't have needed saving. Asia may not be physically weak, but her character? She was absolutely pathetic.

It was sickening.

"There's no shame in stumbling, Ms. Asia."

Asia paused her sobbing and looked at Bryce, who gave her a sympathetic and understanding smile.

"Whatever it is you're going through, you mustn't give in to those thoughts." He said. "No one believes you to be useless. No one thinks less of you for failing. Those thoughts tend to cloud your mind. Make you believe falsehoods to be the truth."

"But it is the truth!" Asia argued. "I've seen the way she looked at me! If I had done better, she wouldn't have—"

"You saved my life, Ms. Asia." Bryce interrupted, making her breath hitch. "Shouldn't that be something to be proud of?"

"I didn't." Asia looked away. "Xenovia and Irina were the ones who saved us."

"Haha, you misunderstand." He rubbed the back of his head. "I meant this. Your power of restoration."

Asia said nothing.

"It may not be a lethal bullet wound or something similar. But I'm an old man." He added. "Even a concussion could very quickly be the death of me. And you made sure that I lived to see another day."

"I…"

"Truth be told, I feel ashamed of myself." He told her, making her blink in surprise. "I'm not much of a fighter, yet I tried to get involved in a battle that would've surely been the end of me had it not been for you. I was in over my head."

"That's not true. You just tried to help me." Asia disagreed.

"I did, didn't I?" Bryce's smile turned playful. "Then why won't you give yourself the same courtesy?"

The blond opened her mouth to argue, but no words came out. She then looked away, still unsure of herself. Regardless of what he was telling her, she couldn't change the fact. Asia had still failed. She'd still failed Akane. And nothing could change the soul-crushing feeling of disappointing the one she looked up to the most.

"You are a Christian, yes?" The Sage suddenly asked as he eyed her cross necklace.

"Um…" Asia nodded, somewhat taken aback by the question. "Yes, I am."

"I see. Pardon my limited knowledge of your faith, but don't Christians believe that God never tests his believers beyond their strength?" He said. "Perhaps this is only a test for you, Ms. Asia. A test that your god knows you're capable of enduring."

Asia's eyes widened, then she looked down and clutched her necklace as she was reminded of her faith. Was it that simple? Could this really be a test from the Lord? These feelings of defeat. Of worthlessness. Were they really mere tests to see if her faith still held true? By His grace and mercy, Asia would've learned to move on from them. But she was shaken.

Was this why she felt so strongly about her own weakness? …No. Those feelings were hers. Feelings not influenced by anyone or anything. Even with her Lord at the forefront of her mind, Asia still felt frustrated in her failure. She still felt the need to prove herself to her friends.

But now she knew not to let that desire take control of her. This utter despair she experienced— it was because she had forgotten the most important thing to her. She'd forgotten her faith in God.

She took a deep breath and calmed her nerves, her expression that of determination.

"…You're right," Asia said, wiping her tears. "I can't let this put me down. With the Lord by my side, I know there's nothing to worry about."

"I am glad. A bright and gentle soul like you shouldn't be feeling that way." Bryce nodded. "Then I bid you farewell. Thank you for your time, Ms. Asia. And you as well, Ms. Koneko."

Koneko nodded.

"Goodnight, Mr. Bryce." Asia smiled. "Thank you for your word of advice."

"Haha, it's the least an old man like me could give." He chuckled, waving at them as he entered the orphanage. "Goodnight."

Once the door closed behind him, Asia glanced at Koneko.

"Sorry. I must've been a real downer just now." She apologized. "I know you were just trying to help."

"Mhm, it's fine." Koneko smiled back at her. "Let's go back."

Asia took her friend's offered hand, and together, they walked back toward the bar, the blond feeling better than ever before.

If this truly were a test from the Lord, then Asia would do her best. She wouldn't fail.

Not her Lord, and not her friends.




– Akane –

"Well, this is new," Lucifer says, watching me work on a new device. "And here I thought you wanted to keep your machines hidden away in your new base. Rather bold of you to build something around so many of your friends."

"Oh, there's nothing to worry about on that front," I respond, making sure to keep my voice down. "I know what I'm doing."

After a little pizza party at Revolve, which included Raynare, the dumbass duo exorcists, and the CIA agents, we decided to head back to the resort for the night. There's not much to do when it's gotten so dark, and we've already done plenty today. I'm satisfied with our progress. I got to beat up an old man, prove to another old man that I'm superior and literally perfect, learn about possible treasures to loot, and eat pizza. Best day in Hawaii so far.

Once we made it back, almost everyone went to bed. Koneko immediately went to bed, saying she felt too tuckered out after too much work. Asia, as well, though she looked like she was feeling a lot better since I saw her walking the Sage back to his orphanage. Kiba went to bed too, and Issei is the only one awake, watching a movie in the living room.

Ichi's taking a shower, and I, the most diligent of them all, am working on a new, shiny, and useful device. Right in my room, where anyone can see. Why do such a thing when I value my secrecy so much? Because this time, I want them to see what I'm working on. I want them to look at it and think, 'yup, that's Akane's toy alright'. And there's a good reason for this.

Unlike my real stuff, this new machine has an entirely different design philosophy. It uses none of the intricacies I built into my Amon-inspired stuff. The same stuff that got compromised by some dipshit's EMP nuke. There's zero link between this machine and my true and powerful tech.

Like the armor I used in the tournament, and the newer armor I brought with me here. They're 100% original and use none of what I learned from dismantling Amon tech. This makes it impossible to link my two types of tech. If whoever disables my Spyders disables this thing, they'd think completely different people made them.

"I want them to see this." I shrug. "Really, I should've thought about this from the beginning, but I guess I didn't have an opportunity until now."

"So you say." Lucy hums. "But you've not explained what you're planning yet. What is this device? What is it for?"

"Well—"

Before I can answer, Ichiban, who is shirtless, enters the bedroom with a towel around his neck, using it to dry his hair. I have no idea how, but after wiping his hair a little, it's somehow back to its afro state.

"Man, showers here are way better than the ones in my apartment." He says, blinking once, he spots me. "What are you doing?"

I give Lucy a quick glance, and he shrugs, so I beckon for Ichi to come closer.

"Come look upon my new masterpiece." I tap the spherical device. "Praise me for my unparalleled intellect. My ultimate genius."

"Right…" He gets closer, puts an arm on my shoulder, and looks at the machine. "What am I looking at?"

"This, Ichi, is a scouting bot," I explain. "As the name suggests, it's mainly used for scouting. It flies around and records whatever it sees, directly sending the footage to my phone."

It also has another function: to serve as bait to lure out the asshole who destroyed my Spyder. Knowing his identity is at the top of my priority list. More than finding Lani. More than killing the Overseer. And more than getting the Esperanza treasure for myself.

I cannot have anyone, ANYONE, figure out my alter ego. No matter what I have to do and no matter who I have to kill. That identity must stay a secret until I'm ready to reveal my true self to the world.

"Woah. For real?" He looks amazed. "Hold on, it can fly? How? Does it have like boosters or something?"

A valid question. The device is just a bronze sphere with a big blue lens on the front. There's no indication of any boosters or wings it can use to float around. So, how can it fly? It can fly because I designed it to fly. No, I'm not gonna go into detail.

"If I try to explain that, you'd probably fall asleep." I roll my eyes.

"Heh, yeah. Probably." He agrees. "Still, though. This is gonna help us out a ton in looking for Lani, won't it?"

"Yup. That's why I made it." I nod. "I mean, one isn't gonna be enough, though, so I plan to make like a dozen more. Imagine them flying all around Hawaii? We'll get to her in no time."

"For real." He says, rubbing the back of his neck. He still looks in awe. "Damn, you really are a genius."

"Only the most intelligent and capable person on Earth," I respond with a smug smirk. Yes, praise me more~ "What else would you expect?"

"I said it once, and I'll say it again: You could do without the ego." He sighs, smiling at me. "But I guess it wouldn't be you anymore."

For once, he actually works up the courage to make a move first, and although it's a little embarrassing doing something like that in front of the spirit of a dead devil god, I don't stop Ichiban from kissing me.

"You're getting good at this, you know?" I offer him some praise as he pulls away.

"What can I say?" He replies. "Having a girl as attractive as you really motivates a man."

"That's adorable~" I giggle as I feel his hand going down my back and resting on my rear. Before I swiftly but playfully push him away and onto the bed. "But I can't afford any distractions when I have things to do."

"Oof!" He grunts, his expression dropping into one of mild disappointment. "For real? Why get my hopes up, then?"

"Sorry, Ichi~ Work is work," I say. "But how about this? If you manage to stay awake until I finish, say, six more of these scouts, I'll let you take the lead for once."

"Seriously?" His eyes open wide.

"By the time I'm done, I'd feel too tired to do anything else," I admit. Even riding him would sound exhausting. "But at the same time, I don't wanna frustrate you too much. I can show mercy sometimes, y'know."

"Deal!" He responds excitedly. "I won't even close my eyes!"

"I'm sure~" I smirk at him. "Tell me, who's your goddess again?"

"You." He claims without hesitation. "You're really a goddess."

He's so cute~



– Ichiban –

"Whew. I'm finally done."

Jolted awake from his not-sleep, Ichiban blinked a few times and wiped the drool off his face, looking at his girlfriend stretching her arms with a satisfied groan in her chair. His brain hadn't entirely caught up with what was happening before she turned to look at him, tilting her head at him curiously.

"What? You fell asleep?"

He blinked, still processing.

"I guess you're too tired as well." She said, shrugging and getting off her chair. "Better go back to bed. It's already late enough as is."

As his brain fully processed what she meant by that, and as he remembered her promise just a few hours ago, Ichi sat up properly.

"No. Nope. Nuh-uh." Ichiban shook his head. "Still awake. Didn't even wink."

Akane giggled.

"You sure?" She asked, getting on the bed next to him. "You look like you're about to collapse."

"I don't know what you're talking about." He insisted. "I feel energized. In fact, I don't think I've ever felt this energized in my life."

She hummed, smirking at him smugly.

"Well, if you're sure…"

Truthfully, while Ichiban didn't hate her taking the lead and, in fact, liked it when she rode him until he began shooting blanks, he never really had a chance to be the top. Every single time they made love, it would be on her terms. She'd be in control. Never him. And admittedly, Ichi never felt brave enough to talk about that. After all, it wasn't like he disliked it.

But getting the chance to switch things around for once? Of course, he'd be thrilled. It was an opportunity to dom his otherwise indomitable girlfriend. And yes, he did try to turn this on her during sex. Suffice to say it never worked. Not when she was vastly stronger than he in their base states.

So really, what man wouldn't be happy about that? Especially seeing that he'd get the chance to wipe the smirk off his face once and for all. He could only take so much brattiness before feeling that way.

"Then go ahead." She said, lying on her side.

Ichi blinked, watching her try to go to sleep. She did not try to beckon him to try something. In fact, she didn't tell him anything at all. Wasn't the part where they're supposed to undress? Or maybe make out first?

"Um…" Ichi paused. "So uh, should I… be doing anything?"

"I just told you to go ahead." She glanced at him with a raised eyebrow.

"Y-yeah, but you're not doing anything."

"You're supposed to take the lead. You do stuff."

Was he supposed to undress her? Was that what she meant?

"Well…" He glanced at her butt and rested a hand on it. "Don't mind if I do."

Ichiban pulled her pants down, kneading and stretching her heavenly soft rear. He found himself wondering how he landed someone like her. She was out of his league by every stretch of the imagination. Ichi knew she was just exaggerating and being funny, but she really was unnaturally beautiful, and her body was that of a goddess. Fit, huge butt, amazing tits— what else could a man ask for?

But she knew how to piss him off. What the hell was wrong with her, flaunting her body at him every chance she got? A hot-blooded man like him could barely keep to himself. Didn't she know what she was doing to him? Didn't she know how mortifying it was to get an erection in public because she kept subtly flashing him when no one was looking? No, she probably knew. She loved annoying him. She loved seeing him in agony. She wanted him to react, knowing that no matter what he tried to do, she'd still be on top. Literally and figuratively.

Didn't she know what her brattiness could do to a person?

Ichi forced her to lie on her stomach, making her giggle. This only served to annoy him further as he knew she wasn't taking him seriously yet, so he lifted up her shirt and used his other hand to play with her breasts. He went as far as to pinch her nipples, making her react as she shuddered.

"Aw, is someone mad~?" Akane said, turning her head to look at him. "Did I do something to upset you, Ichi~? Aw, I'm sowwy~ Do you want me to make it up to you~?"

Her smirk had a tendency to irritate him, yes, but it had never done so to this degree. So instead of responding, knowing he'd just give her more fuel to mock him, Ichi cut her off with a kiss. He would teach her a lesson not to mess with him.

He then trailed one of his hands down her toned belly and to her crotch, slipping under her panties and touching her wet, needy pussy. Even as he inserted two of his fingers, Akane only flinched slightly, but made no other reaction, still smirking at him with smugness up to the max.

"You say that…" He took his fingers out of her and showed them to her, slicked with her juices. "But you're already this wet. It's like you want to be dominated, but your ego never allowed it until you found a good excuse."

"Oh, please." She rolled her eyes, utterly unfazed. "Obviously, I'd feel excited when you're this adorable. Makes me want to eat you up~"

This bitch… Ichi's eyes twitched. You know what? Fuck foreplay.

Instead of playing into her hands, Ichi decided he'd had enough of her and pushed her toward the pillow, pulled her panties down, and lined up his painfully rigid cock toward her pussy. Once again, Akane simply giggled at him, but he shut her right up as he shoved his whole length into her in one thrust.

Surprised, Akane gasped and trembled, giving Ichi enough confidence to grin.

"How about this, then?"

Akane said nothing, and he couldn't see her expression from behind. Not wanting to give her a chance to recover, Ichi went to town on her. He thrust into her as hard as he could, feeling her velvety insides tighten around him to a point where, if it got any tighter, he wouldn't be able to pull out of her. And it felt like heaven for him.

As for Akane, she was as stubborn as always, not even letting out a peep despite how hard he was going. She quivered and flinched every once in a while, and Ichi could tell that she was enjoying it nearly as much as he was, but she refused to give him the satisfaction. Fine. He would make her scream his name.

Watching her butt jiggling with every thrust was hypnotizing, almost beckoning him to do something, and Ichi was unable to keep to himself, so, like any other man would do in his place, he spanked her, making her cry out in surprise for the first time.

"Taunting me with your huge ass everywhere we went…" He growled, spanking her again. "I have limits too, you know?!"

As she stared back at him, her expression was one of annoyance, but that quickly disappeared and was replaced with her usual grin once again. Why the hell was she looking at him like this? Didn't she understand the situation she was in?

"Lil baby Ichi can't keep his hands to himself~" She rolled her eyes. "And here I thought you had a lot more resolve than that. Color me disappointed~"

"You bitch…" He growled.

"Ah, did I make you mad again? I'm sowwy~ Pwease forgive me~" She laughed, her tone that of pure mockery. "Hahahaha— Ahn~!"

"I'm getting real sick of you not taking me seriously!" He intensified his pace, finally hearing a moan from her.

His spanking barely had any effect on her anymore, even as her butt cheeks turned red from how much he toyed with them. God, she pissed him off so much. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't wipe that smirk off her even though he was in control this time. It's like it was permanently etched onto her face by some magical means—a cosmic law.

As if the balance of the universe hinged on whether Akane Amamiya was smug or not.

Truthfully, the longer this went on, the harder it was for him not to bust inside her. Despite his tough act, she was still squeezing him out of his willpower, physically and mentally. And she was barely doing anything. It annoyed him immensely since he knew she couldn't keep this up either.

Because now, with him going hard enough to reshape her tight pussy, she was a lot less stubborn. She moaned in between giggles, groaning in pleasure and cursing under her breath as she, too, was close to her orgasm. At least he had that going for him, because cumming before her after all that would be beyond humiliating.

But just in case, Ichi knew simply humping might not be enough, so he pulled her up close to him and toyed with her body to bring her closer to the edge. One hand played with her breasts and nipples as another rubbed her pulsating clit, her moans getting loud enough that, if not for the noise cancelers she'd installed a few days ago, everyone in the resort would've heard them fucking like wild animals.

Fortunately, this was enough to make her cum first as she quivered violently, letting out a silent moan. At the same time, she tightened around his cock so much that Ichi simply couldn't resist, releasing inside her and painting her womb with his seed. Exhausted, the two lovers panted in the afterglow of what felt like an intense battle rather than sex. And honestly? Even though she came first, he didn't feel like he won.

Ichiban knew what they were doing was extremely dangerous and irresponsible. Sex without protection, that was, but Akane always seemed insistent that he cum inside her every time for some reason. He didn't ask, but he trusted her to be prepared. She was probably on plan B or something like that.

Besides, admittedly, he didn't think wearing a condom would feel as good as doing it raw.

"Good boy, Ichi~" Akane suddenly said with a chuckle. "If you were going to be this enthusiastic, then maybe I should let you do this more often~"

"Why you…!"

As he flipped her and made her lie on her back, Ichiban immediately thrust into her again, his irritation revitalizing him with energy out of nowhere. Akane moaned, but didn't try to stop him as she grinned at him widely. Whether he violently kneaded her breasts or roughly kissed her, her expression wouldn't change.

"You're so— Mhm~ easy." She claimed.

The claim only made him want to fuck until morning. Until she started taking him seriously. But no matter what he did, she never gave him the satisfaction. Even as this went on for hours, even as he fucked over the bed, desk, window, and floor, even as he made her cum over and over again…

She just wouldn't fold.

Which was when he understood. The smirk she gave him wasn't one of mockery. It didn't say she didn't take him seriously. It told him that, despite Ichiban 'topping', she was in control. Not him. And there was nothing he could do about it.

It made him realize that there was nothing that could really 'punish' her, and a brat that couldn't be punished is a very, very dangerous brat. She had a reason to be cocky, and right now, there was no one who could knock her down a peg. He knew. She knew.

And yet, somehow, for some reason, Ichiban suddenly found her annoying smirk to be incredibly sexy.

There really was no winning against her.


Here's some lewd art of Akane to go with the chapter. Once again, fully commissioned, because I don't do AI slop

Spoiler: Bunnygirl Akane
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Wizardoffungi, Dehaka and 58 others
Mirlnir
Oct 21, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 68: Short-Term Servant New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Oct 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,038
Please give me comments or I'll cry :(

Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus


Watching as a dozen of my scouting bots fly around the resort, I smile to myself in satisfaction. Sure, they may not be the best things I could've made at my engineer level, but I'm proud of my work regardless. Creating a functional device like this gives me a sense of accomplishment and pride. Although they are relatively inferior to my Spyders, they have a mobility advantage. Which I was planning to incorporate into the Spyder upgrade before I realized I actually wanted to keep the spider theme. Because I like spiders.

What can I say? Spiders are cool as fuck. And useful, too. I remember I had one when I was a kid. I let it stay in our lovely, warm home, and sometimes even gave it stuff to eat every once in a while. In return, it killed the disgusting and annoying bugs, such as mosquitoes. That was probably the best summer of my life. Little bastard was good at its job.

But good things don't last forever, as, eventually, my mother found out about it and got rid of it, knowing nothing about our symbiotic relationship. I've had pets before, but I don't think I've ever gotten as sad about any of them dying as I did about Mr. Crumbs. It was kinda my fault for not telling her about it, yes, but I still stopped talking to her for a week.

Maybe I should get a pet tarantula or something, but I digress.

I don't want to sacrifice the awesome spider design for a more aerodynamic look. It'd be practical, yes, but damn it, I want my creations to have personality. A floating sphere doesn't look very intimidating, either. But spiders and other arachnids? Brimming with character and ferocity. They have an awesomeness element.

I thought about maybe giving them wings or something like that, but that doesn't sound right. Spiders don't have wings, and I want the design to stay somewhat accurate to one of nature's most phenomenal inventions. I guess some kind of floating device? Something like that is possible to make, but I don't know how I'm supposed to integrate that into them.

"Since when did you have the time to make six more?" Ichiban asks, standing next to me as he looks at the sky.

I guess I'll think about it later.

"When you five were out playing volleyball," I respond. "I'd rather not crush everyone and prove my superiority for the thousandth time, so I used my time to be productive instead."

"I don't even know what I'm looking at," Issei says.

"Scouting bots." I tell him, "Made them so they can help us look for Lani. We're only a handful of people, so a dozen of these things floating around Hawaii will make our search easier."

"You're so resourceful, Akane-san," Asia says, looking at me in admiration. "I'm sure we'll find her in no time."

And I'll catch the little bastard messing with my tech. Really, these things are ultimately just bait. With a function, yes, but finding Lani is secondary to me. As soon as I find out who it is and get rid of them, I'll be a happy woman.

I'm such a genius for coming up with this plan. Seriously, does my brilliance know no bounds? It's almost frightening.

"What do you plan on calling them?" Ichi asks.

"Hmm?" I blink.

"You know, some kind of name? That's how it usually works, right?" He clarifies. "You give each tech a name or something."

I pause and think about it. Well, yeah, that's true, but I don't think this even deserves a designation since it's not even my best work by a long shot. Things like my Spyders and Nemesis? Yeah, absolutely. But this? I'd rather save the brainpower for something worth my time. Something I wish to upgrade rather than just replace.

Still, I'm supposed to be proud of my 'masterpiece', so I might as well…

"Bronze Spheres."

Yeah, I got nothing.

"Seriously?" Issei mutters, unimpressed.

"Wow," Koneko says with a deadpan tone. "Ice Queen is so creative. I'm in awe."

"You should be," I reply with a smug grin, making her roll her eyes. "How many people do you know can build something like this in their spare time?"

"Right, well…" Ichi rubs his neck. "How do you control them?"

"Two ways," I respond. Actually, three, but they don't need to know about Nemesis remotely controlling them when I'm not. "One is simply through my phone since they're connected to it. I developed an app that allows me to control them like drones, and I can view all the footage they record at any time and from anywhere. As long as the connection isn't terminated, of course. Look."

I show them the phone's screen, split into several displays of real-time footage of the Spheres flying around the resort.

"That's so cool…" Issei whispers under his breath.

"How can your phone handle all that without it blowing up? Silky smooth performance, too." Ichi questions with a thoughtful hum. "I mean, I imagine an app like this would be pretty CPU-intensive for a simple phone, right?"

"I just upgraded the phone," I answer with a shrug.

It can endure things even a NASA computer would fry itself trying to handle.

"Right. That makes sense. And the second way?"

"This." I show him a bronze ring on my middle finger. "This ring is more of a backup control. I can simply do this—"

I wave my hand down while pressing a small button on the ring, calling the Bronze Spheres to my location. I hear 'wow's and 'ooh's from the people around me as the spheres perfectly line up next to each other, impressing them with a mere fraction of my unparalleled intellect. This is never getting old~

"—when I can't use my phone. In case I lose it or if I'm in the middle of a fight." I explain. "It's also a lot faster to use."

"That's very convenient," Kiba says with a hum. "And it didn't even take you a whole day to do this? I'm admittedly very impressed."

"So hold on, we don't even have to leave the resort to look for Lani, right?" Issei points out, glancing at me.

"Not really, no," I confirm, putting a hand on my hip after waving at the Bronze Spheres to start their search. "But we might have to go to Honolulu anyway."

"Yeah. If we stop showing up, the Overseer will think something's wrong and get nervous." Ichi nods, crossing his arms. "He probably already knows that we're involved, so suddenly disappearing will just make him more guarded."

"Precisely. Giving him the illusion that we're in a place he can monitor gives us a lot more flexibility through the spheres. Besides, we haven't found Wong or Dwight yet." I remind them. "They likely have information about the Overseer's identity."

Also, I've noticed that whenever I'm here in the resort, whatever the Overseer does to spy on me doesn't work. It only works when I'm in Honolulu. And yeah, it's not like he's watching 24/7 even when I'm in the city, but counting how much time I spent in the resort relative to how much I spent in Honolulu, it's very consistent. He can't see me while I'm here. I'm sure of it.

So this 'power' of his has some kind of range limit, huh? That's convenient. Then he's definitely somewhere in Honolulu. I still don't know how he does it, whether it's some kind of clairvoyance technique, a Sacred Gear, or tech, but it's limiting me. I can somewhat avoid detection if it's the former or latter, but Sacred Gears are a little harder to counter.

Assuming it's tech, then he's most definitely the one who broke my adorable Spyders. And if that's the case, then he'll pay the price a thousand times.

"We still have our work cut out for us, huh…" Issei sighs. "Man, this is a lot more complicated than I thought it would be. Did you ever struggle this much when you destroyed other gangs?"

"Nope," Ichi answers with a shrug. "It was always pretty straightforward. We walked into their base, kicked their asses, and left."

"This is a lot more fun, in my opinion," I say, tapping on my forehead. "This cat-and-mouse game requires you to think. Simply knowing who and where this Overseer is and beating him up would've been dull. A little challenge never hurts anybody."

Not that I'm struggling. Really, I'm barely even trying.

"I guess I can see where you're coming from," Issei mutters, rubbing his neck a little anxiously. "But don't you feel worried?"

"Why should I?" I tilt my head in confusion.

"Well, you heard what Magnus said. The whole world could be in danger." He tells me. "Feels like a lot of responsibility for a bunch of teenagers. Doesn't it feel stressful to you at all?"

"Not really," I respond truthfully. Er, well, I am somewhat stressed, but for different reasons. "A part of me thinks Magnus is exaggerating, but if he does end up being truthful, then so what if he got Lani first? I'm sure whatever this Overseer's cooking up pales in comparison to what I can do."

And I'm serious. I still have my own world-ending artifact to fall back on in case things go to shit. I'm sure I can find a way to use Excelsis without anyone here knowing I have it. Somehow.

…I'm tempted to use it again, admittedly. The side effects of having to puke out the energy from my body are extremely unpleasant, yes, but the feeling of overwhelming power when I hold that blade in my hand is unlike anything I've experienced. It makes me way more powerful than I already am. Constantly evolving. Utterly invincible. And unlike devouring souls, that feeling isn't fleeting. It's not instantaneous. It's persistent.

Ignoring the immense rage and desire for violence it feeds me, of course. But I've been used to that my whole life, so whatever. I'll still be conservative in its use. Lucy warned me of the consequences of overuse, and I'm not stupid enough to ignore them. I want to eat souls, not have mine eaten.

"Never change, Ice Queen," Koneko mutters, sounding exasperated despite her blank tone.

"Also, keep in mind that if he does end up succeeding and getting this weapon and/or artifact of his working—" I ignore the cat's comment and grin. "He'll be drawing the attention of every faction leader. You can't tell me a team of gods, literally and figuratively, won't fuck him up."

"That's true…" Issei mumbles.

Probably not without the cost of countless humans dying, but oh well. Not like they were doing much with their lives anyway.

"I'm saying that, even though we don't know where or who he is, we still have the overwhelming advantage," I conclude with a shrug. "The Overseer was fucked the moment his little idiot band of thugs bothered us."

It's almost pitiful, really. Could've had what he wanted had we not chosen Hawaii as our vacation spot. Then again, Hawaii is the vacation spot, so like, maybe he should've hidden somewhere in the North Pole or something. It's his fault for not seeing something so obvious coming.

This won't make me any nicer to him. When I get my hands around his neck, I'm slowly gonna choke him to death, prolong his suffering for as long as possible, and then take whatever power he has for myself. If it really is a Sacred Gear that he's tracking us with, then that would be one hell of a tool to add to my arsenal.

After all, for some reason, I'm the only one who can sense him watching us. Not even Koneko — our tracker and the most sensitive of us all — feels it. A power like that would be convenient. It'll make it extremely easy to avoid others with it. And considering my alter ego, that's needed.

Suddenly, my phone vibrates in my hands, making me pause and wonder if the spheres have already found something. But, to my irritation and mild dismay, it just shows me the duo of dumbasses standing in front of the resort's gates as the blue one stares right back at the sphere.

"Are you for real…?" I click my tongue in annoyance.

"Took them long enough." Ichi, however, sounds a lot more amused as he chuckles. "I was wondering when they were gonna find us here."

I'm contemplating killing Xenovia. I don't know how or when, but I think I have to at this point.

"Hey, what's that over there?" Irina asks her partner, pointing at the sphere.

"I don't know. And I don't care." Xenovia responds. "I know you can hear me, Amamiya! I've had enough of you rejecting me and running away! Open the gates and face me like a proper swordsman!"

A pain in my ass is all you'll ever be.




– Xenovia –

"What a surprise." The blue-haired exorcist hummed, staring at the yakuza princess once the gates opened. "And here I was, sure you'd choose to stay holed up in the safety of your home."

Despite Xenovia's provocations, tensions were surprisingly low. Rather, most of those around them were more exasperated and tired than nervous. Irina would keep begging her to turn around and go home, perhaps try challenging the Tojo princess when they were all back in Japan. Akane's friends were either amused or bored, and even the meek nun wasn't all that anxious.

Except the blond devil boy. She didn't know what his problem was, but their interactions consisted of him trying to glare a hole into the back of her head, then looking away when Xenovia tried to confront him about it. He clearly did not like her very much, but she wouldn't call what he felt toward her 'fear'. Not that it mattered— he was a heretic devil. He could die for all she cared.

With a hand on her side and an infuriating look of superiority, Akane raised an eyebrow.

"You mistake my annoyance for fear? Be for real." She scoffed. "Do you want me to kick your ass again to prove a point?"

"Oh, I'm almost begging you to try," Xenovia smirked, pointing her sheathed sword at Akane. "I'll have you know, I'm nothing like the person I was before."

With each defeat, Xenovia would push herself to her absolute limits, doing everything she could to learn and improve to be a better swordsman—a better exorcist. To honor David's legacy and bring glory to God and the church. This was why she fought, and after being bested by this arrogant princess who'd only learned how to hold a sword this year, Xenovia knew she couldn't move on until she reclaimed her honor.

Of course, she didn't have anything against Akane. Sure, she was cocky and annoyingly self-important, but really, she had a reason to be. Xenovia knew that she had been introduced to the supernatural very recently, so to get to this level of strength in just a few months was absurd. The girl was talent incarnate. But talent can only get you so far.

Xenovia didn't let such a thing deter or demotivate her. How could she? This was a massive opportunity to improve, like she always wanted. Against someone who wouldn't hold back on her like her teachers back home. Someone who, despite her scathing words and claims of arrogance, still took her seriously to an extent. She knew that to be true as, each time Akane swung her sword in their duels, Xenovia would feel something she had never felt from her teachers.

Imminent death.

And it scared her.

There were moments of hesitation, wondering if she had made a mistake in challenging someone with so much killing instinct. Someone who genuinely wouldn't bat an eye if she accidentally killed Xenovia. Someone who hadn't just been trained to kill, but was almost born to be a killer.

But just as terrifying as those moments were, they felt exciting. Even with how quick their duels usually were, not even lasting a second, it made her feel she could learn something new—a way to sharpen her skills against an overwhelmingly powerful opponent. Indeed.

To Xenovia, Akane was nothing more than a measuring stick.

"I'm sure you are." Akane rolled her eyes. "But I'm actually super busy right now. Find someone else to bother."

"Why open the gates if you're gonna reject her anyway?" Irina asks a good question.

"Because I wanted to do this." Akane gave them the middle finger. "Now fuck off back to Honolulu. I'll think about dealing with you morons once I kick the Overseer's ass."

"It can wait, can't it?" Xenovia argued. "Besides, the CIA agent told us to stay put for now. Until he's done with his report."

"There's no 'us' in this." Akane snorted. "This doesn't concern you, alright? Don't get involved in things you don't understand."

"That's too bad." Durandal's wielder disagreed. "You're not our boss, and you don't get to make these decisions for us."

"Xenovia…" Irina muttered, hesitating a little.

"No. Lives are at stake, and I refuse to do nothing about it." Xenovia replied firmly, before giving Akane a smirk. "Though I may reconsider for the right price."

Akane didn't look very pleased with this, as, although still maintaining a look of superiority, she frowned in annoyance. Of course, Xenovia wasn't willing to give up on this conspiracy, no matter what, but she was willing to compromise a few things to get the duel she desired with the princess.

She visibly took a few moments to think this through, and as expected, she finally relented with a frustrated sigh.

"If it'll get you to stop getting in my damned way every five seconds…" She muttered. "Follow me."

Xenovia and Irina did so, walking behind the yakuza princess as she led them toward the beach of the private resort. Without wasting another second, Akane created two blades of ice, one of which she casually tossed to the blue-haired exorcist. Xenovia skillfully grabbed it out of the air, noting that the girl in front of her, despite her skill in the arts, had no respect for these beautiful weapons.

"First blood," Akane said, twirling the sword in her hand. "Nothing more than that."

"Fine by me." Xenovia grinned, gripping the ice blade and somewhat surprised at its temperature. It was cold, but not painfully cold. "Get ready, Amamiya."

"Oh, I'm not fighting." She responded.

Xenovia blinked.

"What do you mean?"

Instead of verbally answering the exorcist, Akane, with a smirk, glanced at the blond devil boy watching this unfold, just as confused as Xenovia.

"You look like you want to take a crack at her." She said, gesturing for him to get closer. "C'mon. Get over here and take the sword."

"Um…" He seemed surprised, but obeyed regardless. "Are you sure that's a good idea?"

"Don't worry, I'll talk to Rias about this." She said. "Go on. You've been glaring at her since she got here. Might as well give you the chance."

"That's not what we agreed on!" Xenovia scowled as the devil boy held the ice sword.

"Oh shut the fuck up. I don't owe you shit, so stop complaining." Akane quickly replied. "You better be glad I didn't kick you out and call the church on you for being a nuisance. I could've done that ages ago, but I was being nice with you, so I suggest you don't use up all my goodwill."

The blue-haired exorcist growled in annoyance, but said nothing.

"But tell you what?" The yakuza princess added. "If you defeat him, I'll play with you next. Fair?"

"Tsk. Fine." Xenovia scoffed, glaring at her opponent as he got into a stance and glared back. "I might as well warm up…"

"You'd better give her a good thrashing," Akane told the boy, patted him on the back, then walked away.

"Way ahead of you." He muttered.

Xenovia's eyes narrowed as she took a deep breath, preparing for battle. Truthfully, she preferred this. Getting to test her skills could wait. With this idiot glaring at her all the damn time without ever telling her why, her patience was starting to run thin.

She had always wanted to give this heretic a beating.





– Akane –

You know, there's a reason I get annoyed by Xenovia's challenges. Typically, I wouldn't want to waste the chance to kick someone's ass free of consequences. I've been beating up people despite the repercussions since I was twelve, so getting a freebie is great. So why would I reject Xenovia practically asking to get her head bashed against a rock?

Because this crazy bitch enjoys it. Losing and getting beaten up doesn't bother her at all, and that pisses me off. There's no point in kicking her ass because she wouldn't give me the reaction I want. I hate people like her because it's almost impossible to bully them without taking drastic measures I'm unwilling to resort to unless necessary. It's precisely why, despite her potential as a minion replacing Issei, I'm also considering killing her at some point.

She's nothing to me— she couldn't be a threat even if she tried, but her extreme mental fortitude makes her bothersome. To the point where I'm sure if I tell her right now that God is dead, she'd recover from the shock with barely any issue. She's difficult to exploit or break down, and the rewards for doing that are not worth it. Like a worse version of Ichi that I'm not even fond of.

Killing her and getting her holy factor to use Durandal and the Excaliburs, though… that's worth considering. Yes, I already have Excelsis, but expanding my options wouldn't hurt. Also, dual-wielding holy and unholy weapons sounds cool as hell. But for now, as I said, I'm not willing to take violent measures with her. I'm supposed to be the good guy, after all. And seeing that controlling her is out of the question, I'll try to steer her into doing things that will benefit me one way or another if it ever comes down to it.

Watching as the two swordsmen stare down at each other from a distance, mentally preparing for their duel, I notice Koneko beside me looking uncharacteristically nervous. Rather, she looks worried about Kiba. Odd. I mean, he's probably losing the fight, but I doubt Xenovia is gonna do something to hurt him seriously. Really, I almost want her to do that because then I'd have an excuse to kill her.

Speaking of Kiba, I've noticed it ever since they showed up during the Kokabiel business in Kuoh; he's been really mad about them existing anywhere near us. Of course, I understand that. I don't like her either, but he was like that even before they opened their mouths and demonstrated how irritating they are. I don't remember much about his backstory, but I don't think it ever involved exorcists, right? Or maybe not those two, especially.

Something related to the church, but I cannot for the life of me remember.

Thanks, Game. You asshole.

"Are you two ready?" Irina asks. At their nods, she begins counting. "Three, two, one, go!"

The two rush each other, ice blades clashing with each other and causing the sand to blow away in all directions. Locked in a contest of strength, Xenovia slowly but surely overpowers Kiba, but Rias' Knight is no slouch, as he can still contend with her. Knowing he can't directly overwhelm her with pure strength, he steps back before rushing back in with speed befitting his status as a Knight Piece. She's stronger, but he's slightly faster.

Each sword clash causes tiny shockwaves, forming a miniature sandstorm from how fast they are swinging their blades. Kiba tries to dominate with quick strikes, aiming at her blind spots as Xenovia struggles to defend herself, quickly reverting to the defensive and trying to think of a new plan. Had I let her use Durandal, Kiba would've lost seconds in the fight, not only because of the weapon's intense holy power, but also because of its properties.

Unless you're vastly stronger than its wielder, of course, and as I've established before, Kiba definitely isn't. By limiting Xenovia to using my sword, I evened the playing field by a huge margin. Everyone present is aware.

I could've acted a little cute and given Xenovia a weaker sword, but that wouldn't really fix anything, would it? I bet someone like her would notice something is off, too. It's hard to trick someone who's been trained using swords her entire life.

"Holy crap, they're really good…" Issei says out loud. "I mean, I always knew that, but seeing them like this…"

"Makes you wanna pick up a sword, huh?" Ichi agrees, looking down and clenching his fists. "Too bad I'm only good at throwing punches."

"You have that golden baseball bat I gave you." I remind him. "And you use it well."

"Yeah, but it's not a sword."

"Who cares? It works pretty great as a weapon, doesn't it?" I raise an eyebrow. "You should be proud of that, seeing how it held on for so long. You take good care of it."

"I guess…" He sighs, crossing his arms as he returns his focus toward the duel. "I wish it were enchanted or something, though. I mean, it's a golden baseball bat. I don't want it to break, y'know? Not when it's a gift from you."

Aww. That's so sweet~

But enchanting, huh… That's another cool crafting class I could've picked up. I'm happy with the engineer class, of course, but it's definitely one to consider as a secondary. Really, imagine enchanting my mecha armor? I believe that the path I'm taking, combining magic and machine, would synergize well with my tools.

Decisions, decisions…

To my surprise, the battle continues, with neither getting the upper hand over the other. Personally, I'm already bored as hell since both are way weaker than me and less skilled than me in swordsmanship. It's not like watching Majima or my uncle— I'm learning nothing from this. Also, no bloodshed.

It's becoming really hard not to fall asleep.

"I don't know what frustrates you so, devil—" Xenovia growls, pushing Kiba away with a swing he barely blocks. "But I shouldn't be surprised that you find the light of the lord repulsive. A heretic through and through."

"You gullible, self-righteous exorcists…" He spits out with a tone I've never heard him speak in. "Wielding instruments of pain and suffering, pretending to be virtuous. You know nothing."

"Woah." Issei blinks. "What's wrong with Kiba? I've never seen him that mad before."

"Is he okay?" Asia questions.

Hmm…

"Hey, kitty." I glance at Koneko. "What's up with Kiba? What's gotten him so mad?"

Koneko blinks and glares at me.

-3 Reputation with Koneko Toujo… [62/100]

"Racist much?"

Fucking hilarious is what it is. Worth the REP loss.

"Please. I let you call me Ice Queen, and you don't see me crying about that." I roll my eyes. "Also, I'm technically a Yokai, too. I can say that."

…Huh. I wonder if there are slurs for supernatural races.

Besides, her name is Ko-NEKO for fuck's sake. She should've lynched whoever named her. I know I'd be mad as hell if my mother named me 'Yuki' or something like that. Even themes should have a limit.

Koneko looks like she wants to argue before dropping the subject.

"He has a bad history with holy swords." She says. "I don't know the details, but corrupt church members used him and a bunch of other kids in experiments. They wanted to reproduce the holy factor needed to wield weapons like Excalibur and Durandal."

"What?" Irina whips her head at Koneko in surprise. "What are you talking about?"

"You say that's corrupt, but I'm still not hearing what's bad about that," I reply, raising an eyebrow. "Getting more people who can use the church's most powerful artifacts is good, no?"

"She just said they experimented on kids, Akane." Ichi looks at me weirdly.

"Yeah, sure, but you can still be ethical while experimenting." I point out with a shrug. "Then again, considering the implications…"

I glance at Kiba, struggling in his duel with Xenovia, jaws clenched in anger and frustration.

"…I don't think they cared about that very much."

"Kiba said that when the project failed, the supervisors killed everyone involved. Subjects included." Koneko adds. "He's the only one that survived."

Case in point.

"That's— that can't be true," Irina disagrees vehemently, glaring at Koneko. "The church would never do something like this. That's wrong and evil!"

"You know what's also wrong and evil?" I ask, making her look at me. "Touching kids. But stereotypes exist for a reason, don't they?"

Irina flinches and shuffles uncomfortably. Surprisingly, she's the only one who read between the lines of what I just said. None else does, not even Asia.

"I don't get it? What's the correlation?" Issei asks.

"T-that's different! We punish those people!"

"They still exist." I shrug. "Look, Irina, I'm sure you have a good heart, but you don't need me to explain that corruption exists pretty much everywhere, right?"

She says nothing and looks away.

"The point is, everyone has skeletons in their closet. Some more than others." I continue, crossing my arms. I definitely don't want my skeletons to leave mine. "Your faction isn't perfect, so don't be all shocked and surprised when you hear about whatever fucked up projects or secrets they might've kept hidden. You'll save yourself a lot of heartbreak."

The conversation has visibly gotten uncomfortable for her and everyone else around me. They don't want to admit it, but it's true, isn't it? Every faction has its dark secrets, no matter how 'good' they may seem. The devils, the yakuza, the church— it doesn't matter where they come from. None of them is truly 'good'.

There might be objective evil in this world, considering the Old Satans, for example. But objective and perfect righteousness? Oh please. There's no such thing. And pretending it exists makes you sound pretentious.

Hell, I think I am evil. My way of thinking isn't what I consider moral and pious. No way, I'm definitely some flavor of fucked up and wicked. I just don't really care about morality all that much. I think it's a weakness. A leash that holds me back from reaching my true potential.

One day, I'll be free. I don't know how, I don't know when. I just know it'll happen, and it'll feel good.

Because when that day comes, I'll be unstoppable.

"Does it really have to be that way, though?" Ichi asks.

"That's simply how the world works." I shrug. "Even if you're not corrupt, sometimes, you need to get your hands dirty. Do things you know are wrong for a good cause."

Ichi gives me a conflicted glance, but says nothing. Not that he could've started another conversation as the duel between Xenovia and Kiba finally ended, with the former landing the first hit and making the smallest cut on the devil's cheek. Shame…

"As expected." Xenovia pants, smirking widely at her victory. "Dark and sinful creatures such as yourself are nothing but a speck. Inferior to the light of the Lord. Heretics like you will never defeat me!"

Kiba grits his teeth and tightens the grip over his sword, on the verge of continuing the fight for real, before I snap my fingers and destroy his sword. This makes him snap out of it as he whips his head at me, giving me an apologetic look.

"Amamiya-san…" He mutters, lowering his head.

"Don't worry about it." I wave it off. "You tried. That's all that matters, right?"

Not like I was counting on you to win, anyway. I'm more annoyed at how boring the fight was.

He looks up at me and smiles—a genuine smile, not his usual fake one.

"Thank you." He nods. "For giving me this opportunity. Even if I lost."

Surprisingly, he took his loss with grace, even though he was on the verge of blowing up just now. He's definitely still mad about it, but I can respect his control over his emotions.

"Sure, sure," I say, taking his place and creating a saber. "Better watch and learn, then, so when Rias asks, you tell her who taught you real swordsmanship."

"Haha!" He laughs as he rejoins the group. "Will do, Amamiya-san. But I'm warning you, my master wouldn't take such challenging words lying down."

Tell them. I'll beat the shit out of them, too.

"Finally." Xenovia huffs. "Get ready, Amamiya! And you better not hold back on me!"

"Oh, you have no idea what I'm about to do to you…" I give her a vicious smirk.

"Are you both ready?" Irina asks, and we nod. After a moment, she gives us the signal. "Fight!"

As soon as I hear that word, I rush toward the blue-haired moron as fast as I can, even activating my Touki for that split second. But unlike that time where I simply pointed the blade at her throat and ended the duel then and there, I instead drop my saber, grab her by the face, and smash it against the sand just hard enough to knock her out, but not kill her.

Rendered unconscious, Xenovia drops her sword and falls limp, while I stand back up and stretch my arms with a groan. I stare at the girl next to my feet with a cold expression. Really, did she think I wouldn't notice? Using me to train herself and improve? As if I'll let her. What a dumbass. I refuse to satisfy her. I refuse to let a moron like her use ME.

"So, I win, right?" I look at Irina, whose jaw was hitting the floor at my brutal efficiency. "Unless I had to land a hit with a sword?"

"Y-you made the rules…" She mutters, looking concerned for Xenovia's well-being.

"Oh, right." I blink. "Then I win~"

"There's something seriously wrong with you…" Ichiban sighs.

Most definitely. But if I'm playing along with these idiotic duels of hers, then I'll do everything in my power to make it the most unpleasant thing imaginable. I'll make sure she doesn't benefit from it.

That oughta teach her not to mess with me again.






– Mizuki –

Why? She thought to herself, panting in exhaustion and distress. Why would she do this?

She could barely move. Her legs trembled, and her knees felt like they were about to give out. Just why would she do this, indeed? What kind of sadistic monster could come up with something so evil and devious? Did she enjoy the torment of others? Did she love watching people fall into despair?

When coming to Kyoto to meet up with a certain Kyuubi, Mizuki had admittedly forgotten a crucial detail about her journey. Something she should've expected and properly prepared for, but because of her earlier encounter with the Amon leader, she had forgone her usual preparation. A stupid mistake that was costing her too much. Just what was she to do now?

She wasn't built for this anymore. Even during her time as an assassin, she would struggle with this every single time. Despite being supernaturally powerful, Mizuki was only human, damn it. She had hard limits, unlike the other races, and no human alive could accomplish such a herculean task effortlessly. It was impossible.

Was this hell? No matter how long she spent, she made no progress. It really felt like she was stuck here forever, and there was nothing she could do to make the situation any better.

Hoping that she had made some progress, Mizuki raised her head, stared at the giant mansion in the distance, and cried loudly in utter despair. It seemed that she would never see Akane again.

"Why are there so many stairs?!" Mizuki whined. "What the hell is wrong with you, Yasaka?!"

Her screams went unheard, making her break down and sob to herself. This was a nightmare. Worse than anything she'd gone through as an Amon. She couldn't keep this up for much longer. Mizuki had already spent more than an hour climbing these stairs, and she was rapidly reaching her limits.

Within the city of Kyoto, a hidden portal existed that could only be accessed by someone proficient in Youjutsu, leading directly to a city of the eastern faction in the Yokai world. A flight of stairs that felt longer than the Great Wall of China. It just went on and on and on. It was endless.

Progress was a mere illusion, and Mizuki wasn't sure if that was literal or figurative.

One might ask why she was troubling herself climbing the stairs when she could either fly or teleport there, but that was considered highly disrespectful. The Kyuubi wouldn't allow an audience with anyone who didn't take the stairs, even a friend like Mizuki, as taking the hard path spoke true of one's qualities as a person and their determination.

But in reality, Yasaka was one vicious bitch and found this extremely hilarious. Honestly, Mizuki had somewhat contemplated going back down and asking someone to teleport her to the top, courtesy be damned. But pissing off the person you're asking for help wasn't the brightest thing to do.

"'It'S jUsT a SiMpLe FlIgHt Of StAiRs, MiZuKi!'" She parroted what Yasaka said once upon a time in a mocking tone. "My ass! You know what you're doing! Own up to it!"

This was more than just troublesome. This was torture. Mizuki was too old and out of shape for this, and realizing the latter felt like getting slapped in the face. When she'd been younger, she'd only started gasping for air once she reached the mansion. It was painful all the way through, but at least she hadn't struggled as much.

Compared to now, where she didn't even make it halfway there before nearly collapsing. To say this made her self-conscious about her body would be an understatement. She knew she had a terrible diet and had eaten garbage most of her life, especially after Tatsu had passed away, but that couldn't have affected her that much, right? Sure, she never exercised either, only recently starting to do so when helping the Akane and her friends train, but she'd always had an ultra-fast metabolism, and she'd never gained weight before…

…

Mizuki sat down, lifted her shirt, and, with great trepidation, pinched her stomach. She watched the squeezed flesh all flabby and gross, making her want to cry and scream like a middle schooler getting rejected by her crush.

"Hah…" She sighed quietly instead, her tone filled with despair. "I am getting fat…"

This was the worst day of her life.

"When I get my hands on you, Yasaka…" She growled. This was that fox bitch's fault. Mizuki was perfectly okay with being ignorant of her weight gain. "When I get my hands on you, I swear I'll—"

"You'll what? I hope you're not saying you want to hurt her. That can be taken as a serious threat, y'know?"

Her glare dropped, quickly replaced with a nervous expression as she turned to stare at the one who'd caught her whispering promises of death and violence she most definitely didn't mean. The Nekoshou stared back with an amused smirk behind a black fan she held, her golden eyes glimmering with amusement.

"Ah, um…" Mizuki cleared her throat awkwardly, then tried (and failed) to brush it off like it was nothing. "Pssh, you know I was just messing around. I mean, come on, Yasaka and I have known each other for years~ She'd take it as a joke, too."

"Uh-huh." Kuroka rolled her eyes. "Well, I don't know about that. I came here to pick you up under her orders because she felt bad for you, but now I'm not sure if I should…"

"Huh? Wait, no, please!" Mizuki's eyes were wide in terror. "I swear I didn't mean it! It was just a joke!"

"I dunno. You did look prett~y mad just now." The Nekoshou shrugged. "And I'm not sure it's wise to take an angry assassin to meet the subject of her anger. Wouldn't be a good bodyguard if I did that, would I?"

"I'm not mad! I'm not mad!" Mizuki replied, growing very desperate. "Please, Kuroka! I can't do this— You can't do this to me! You gotta teleport me with you!"

"Good luck climbing the rest of the stairs," Kuroka said with a wink. "And mind the gargoyles. They tend to get slightly cranky when they see a new face."

"You have gargoyles here?! Since when?!"

"About a year or so ago? New addition. Yasaka got them as a gift from Carmilla." Kuroka responded as she floated a few centimeters in the air, a teleportation circle forming underneath her. "Make sure not to damage them too much—"

Before she could finish that sentence, Mizuki leapt toward the floating Nekoshou and wrapped her arms around Kuroka's legs, surprising the latter.

"Hey, get off me!"

"No, no, no! Take me with you!" Mizuki cried childishly. "Please, save me from this torment! You have to!"

"Get off! You're gonna mess up the teleportation!" Kuroka scowled, trying to push the older woman away. "Seriously, it's just a bunch of stairs! And you're a grown woman! Do you have no shame?!"

"I'm sorry, please forgive me!" But Mizuki didn't budge, holding onto dear life as if she were to let go, she might actually die. "Pwease!"

Kuroka hesitated, clearly affected by Mizuki's adorable and not at all pathetic crocodile tears. Indeed. That wasn't a stare of utter disgust, but one of sympathy. Not long after, she sighed deeply and reluctantly complied, letting the former assassin hang onto her legs.

"Fine." She said, teleporting the two of them to the gates at the end of the stairs. "You're so embarrassing…"

"Oof!" Mizuki grunted as she was dropped to the ground like a sack of bricks, but she didn't care about that as she stood back up, looked down at the stairs, and puffed her chest in pride as she pointed at it. "I win again, evil stairs. I barely even broke a sweat."

"Don't make me kick you down."

"I'm sorry. I'm just kidding." She whimpered, prompting Kuroka to scoff and open the gate.

"Right, right. Well, Yasaka is waiting for you." She said. "You know where she is."

"Yeah…" Mizuki smiled. "And I'm sorry for not calling first."

"It's fine. Not like we're busy these days." She responded. "Anyway, don't let me keep you. We can catch up once you're done with your business."

"Sure. Thanks again, Kuroka." Mizuki waved and winked, going inside the palace.

During her walk there, Mizuki was greeted by some of the guards, most recognizing her as one of Yasaka's friends or the descendant of the legendary Yuki-Onna. As it turned out, her lineage carried quite a lot of weight in the Yokai world. Although nearly extinct and reclusive, the Yuki-Onna were heavily respected, as they were some of the strongest and oldest Yokai around.

More than that, Mizuki and, by extension, Akane were related to the strongest Yuki-Onna in the world, who supposedly still lived today. It explained why her Yokai blood was so strong despite her being ⅞ human.

Unfortunately, she was extremely difficult to locate. It was so difficult that, even with the Amon Clan's resources, Mizuki couldn't find her. Very few things could go under their radar, and her ancestor was one of them. Perhaps this should be one of the things she asked Yasaka about? She was almost sure the Kyuubi knew of the Yuki-Onna's whereabouts…

As the guards opened the front doors of the mansion and led her through, Mizuki entered the personal living room of the Kyuubi, seeing the nine-tailed fox waiting for her by the Chabudai, a pipe in hand. Yasaka's lips curled into a smug smirk the moment their gazes met, and before Mizuki could even explain why she was here, the blond Yokai spoke with a knowing look.

"I told you so~"

Maybe Kuroka should've kicked her down the stairs.


Here's some art of Mizuki

Spoiler: eepy queen
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 41 others
Mirlnir
Oct 31, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 69: A Way In New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Nov 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,047
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, Maple




– Mizuki –

"I told you so." The irritatingly smug Kyuubi said, blowing a cloud of smoke after inhaling from her pipe.

"Yeah, yeah," Mizuki, sitting opposite Yasaka, replied with an unamused tone. "Rub it in, why dontcha?"

"I. Told. You. So."

Mizuki groaned at Yasaka's unwillingness to let this go, although, while she wouldn't admit it out loud, had the roles been reversed, Mizuki would've done the same. Because, in hindsight, she was being very foolish with that decision back then.

Nearly two decades ago, during her pregnancy with Akane, Mizuki had sought the Kyuubi's help. After all, with her volatile power, her poor control over her magic, and the stress of carrying a child, there was a risk of her either physically and/or mentally collapsing, or her energy accidentally leaking into her womb and killing the fetus before it was born.

Temporarily sealing her magic was a necessity, and the only person she knew skilled in the arts of sealing was the leader of the eastern yokai faction, who had recently gotten married to the Omi Alliance chairman. Yasaka was thankfully happy to help, either out of obligation for one of her subjects, technically speaking, or since they were friends at the time.

Mizuki owed Yasaka far more than she could reasonably repay in a single lifetime.

But the problem wasn't here.

"Please have mercy on me!" She whined, resting her forehead on the table in front of her. "I had to climb a billion flights of stairs just to get here, and my legs are killing me. I don't need you making fun of me, too!"

"And whose fault was that?" Yasaka replied with a raised eyebrow. "I offered to remove the seal after your daughter's birth. You refused, saying you wanted to know what it was like to live as a regular human. To raise your daughter as one."

"But—but I—!"

"I told you you were being stupid." She scolded. "I told you hiding the supernatural from her was short-sighted. And look where that brought you."

Mizuki remained silent and somewhat uncomfortable.

Indeed. After her daughter's birth, Yasaka had told her that it was probably time to remove the seal on her power. After all, there were no more risks. Why wouldn't she want her overwhelming yokai strength back? But Mizuki had decided against it.

At the time, it had felt wrong. Getting that same power she'd used to kill countless people, the same power she'd used to relish hunting down and torturing those she thought lower than her, had felt as if she was rejecting her new life as a human. Wasn't living normally enough anyway? Wasn't that what she'd desired? Besides, it wasn't like she'd been entirely powerless, and Tatsu had been there to keep her and Akane safe.

More than that, those voices in the back of her mind demanding her to go back to the person she used to be had been muted. With her powers sealed, they were gone as well. For once in her life, Mizuki had felt free. Living like a normal person with her husband and daughter, without any of the bloodshed and grief, felt like heaven on earth.

Why would she ever give that up?

But after everything that had happened since coming to Kuoh, now Muzki knew just how utterly naive she'd been.

"You shouldn't have given your powers away for a dream you knew was fruitless," Yasaka said harshly. "Rejecting your birthright and heritage was one thing, Mizuki. But to hide it from your own child? I would've called you selfish had I not already known you were just an idiot."

"I just… didn't want her to get involved." She argued weakly. "I thought by giving it all away, we'd live normally. That she wouldn't have to get dragged into that sort of life."

"And now she'd gotten involved anyway. Out of her own volition." The yokai leader replied. "In a manner I doubt you thought was possible. She's gaining fame at an alarming rate, you know? Just the other day, a few of my advisors suggested I offer her a place in my court due to her achievements, using her heritage as an excuse."

Once again, Mizuki said nothing. She thought she'd feel surprised at that, but at this point? Well, after seeing several fan clubs and forums dedicated to her daughter floating around the Devilnet, it was hard to be. Doubly so when half the userbase was arguing about what kind of underwear she used, others shamelessly thirsting over her, and a few calculating how powerful she actually was and getting into heated debates about whether she could defeat Serafall.

Mizuki had no idea what 'Akane solos' meant, but that phrase seemed very popular with the fans.

"Your daughter stumbling on the supernatural was never a matter of if," Yasaka added. "And a curious youth like her would want to explore it. Trying to prevent an inevitability is a fool's errand. You should've kept your powers and instead given your daughter a head start. In mere months, Akane has proven herself to be more than capable of handling serious threats. Imagine what years of training would've done?"

"I know…" Mizuki mumbled a response.

At that, Yasaka's expression relaxed.

"Oh, I didn't mean to scold you so much." She quickly said, softening her previously cold tone. "I'm just worried about you two."

"I know that. And you're right." Mizuki sighed. "That's why I came here, to begin with. I need you to get rid of my seal safely before I accidentally break it."

"I see." Yasaka hummed, then beckoned. "Come closer and let me check."

Mizuki did so, approaching the Kyuubi and sitting next to her.

"Take off your clothes."

Mizuki paused and furrowed her brows, feeling a little embarrassed.

"Do I really have to?"

The uncharacteristic response made Yasaka blink.

"Yes." She responded before raising an eyebrow. "What's there to be embarrassed about? It's not something I haven't seen before."

Truthfully, being naked in front of another woman wasn't what made Mizuki feel so anxious. Really, as her friend had said, what was there to be embarrassed about? They'd been in hot springs and bathhouses together several times— they'd seen each other naked before. But at those times, Mizuki had had a figure she was proud of.

Now? Not anymore. Her fitness? Athleticism? All gone.

"Yeah. Right."

With a resigned sigh, prepared to get made fun of and mocked for gaining weight, Mizuki lifted up her white shirt, letting Yasaka take a look at the seal. Well, that's what was supposed to happen until the Kyuubi suddenly peeked at her chest curiously, startling the former assassin.

"What?"

"Hmm, well, I was rather suspicious that something about you felt off since you came here…" She hummed. There it is… "But your breasts did get bigger, after all."

…Mizuki had no clue how she could notice something like that when they hadn't seen each other in years, but she'd take it. As weird as it was to bring it up.

"Yes. For sure." Mizuki nodded with a relieved smile as Yasaka went back to the seal on her back. "That's what it is. Bigger boobs. Pregnancy, amirite?"

…Was she perhaps overreacting? Maybe she hadn't gotten fat. Maybe she was just imagining things. If even Yasaka didn't notice it, then—

"And I see you gained some weight." She said, pinching her side.

"NOOO!" Mizuki cried, feeling Yasaka's hand on her back. "I knew it! I'm hideous, ugly, and obese!"

"I didn't say any of that. Goodness, you're so dramatic." She huffed. "…About your seal—"

"What if I want to remarry, Yasaka?!" The former assassin sobbed. "No one would want an overweight hag like me!"

"Enough. Stop acting like a child." Yasaka admonished before sighing. "Honestly, it's a miracle that the seal hasn't been broken yet. Not only is it worn out after almost two decades since I cast it, but you've practically put it through the wringer."

"Haha…" Mizuki chuckled sheepishly. "The past few months have been pretty stressful for me."

"I'm aware. Well, the good news is that you haven't broken it yet."

Mizuki didn't like the implications at all.

"And the bad news?"

"I can't unseal it," Yasaka said, pulling Mizuki's shirt down and picking her pipe up. "Or at least not without catastrophic consequences."

"What?" Mizuki's expression fell as she turned to face Yasaka properly, her heart sinking. "But why?"

"Because you've overtaxed it. Far more than it can reasonably handle." She answered. "You see, the seal was meant to prevent your magic from leaking out of your body by blocking it like a barrier of sorts. That way, with enough power, it can be forcefully broken in case of emergencies."

"But that's the idea, right? I know I've pushed it to the limit, which is why I'm here. So you can unseal it safely."

"You misunderstand. The seal blocks your energy. It does not calm it down. Your pent-up stress has accumulated far too much power for it to be released safely." Yasaka explained, twirling the pipe in her hand. "Picture this: a barrel filled with so much water that one more drop would lead it to burst open. You take the head off, and what do you think happens? Sure, it could be a much less destructive alternative, but with your volatile energy, it is a risk I am not willing to take."

Mizuki clicked her tongue, frustrated and worried about her well-being. Great…

"The seal was never meant to stay this long, Mizuki." The Kyuubi concluded. "I've made it last for, at most, only five years, but your unwillingness to use your magic has more than tripled its lifespan."

"So there's just no other way?"

"No, I didn't say that." Yasaka shook her head. "You have two options: First, you can let me reinforce and tweak the seal to make it slowly discharge the built-up energy until it's safe enough for unsealing."

"How long would that take?"

"Considering the unreasonable amount of energy you've amassed? A year at least." She snorted. "And that's assuming you're not getting into any stressful situations."

"That's not going to happen." Mizuki sighed deeply. Akane might actually be the death of her. "And the second option?"

"You find someone who can endure the full force of your ice magic and contain it."

Mizuki blinked and frowned in mild confusion.

"You make it sound like you already have someone in mind."

A puff of smoke left Yasaka's mouth before she responded.

"Yuna Yukimura, the last of the Yuki-Onna, and your great-grandmother. She lives somewhere on Mt. Fuji." She revealed. "I don't know where exactly, but if there's someone who can help you, it's her."

That came as a surprise to Mizuki. She knew they were a very endangered species, but for only one full-blooded Yuki-Onna to remain? She didn't know if there were any other descendants out there besides her and Akane, but this made her feel quite sad. She must be pretty lonely up there.

"I see…" Mizuki muttered. "It was about time I met her anyway. Always wanted to, but never had a good reason. Have you met her before? What's she like?"

"She's quite cold. Dismissive. Very distant." Yasaka said, making the former assassin perk up at the unintended pun. "Granted, I've only spoken to her a few times, but I don't think I've ever seen her smile. Not even a fake one."

"Well, now I look forward to meeting her less." She sighed, getting up on her feet. "Then I'd better not waste any time. Think you can teleport me there?"

"I'm afraid not." The yokai leader replied. "Mt. Fuji is her territory. Unannounced teleportation might give her the wrong idea, and she's even more powerful than I. I'd rather not get on her bad side."

"Right…" Mizuki mumbled quietly, running a hand through her hair. "Then I guess I'll take a plane or something. What a pain…"

"Kuroka will teleport you to the portal leading to Kyoto, though. So you don't have to take the stairs down." Yasaka said. "Goodbye, Mizuki. And good luck."

"See you soon, and…" Mizuki bowed deeply before her friend. "Thank you so much. For everything."

"Oh, no. It's my pleasure~" She giggled. "Only a shame you couldn't meet my daughter. Poor Kunou is still with her tutor."

"Don't worry, I'll make sure to visit again soon. Those cheeks of hers will be pinched." The former assassin promised as she walked away. "Bye-bye~"

Sliding the door closed, Mizuki stepped away from the living room and toward the entrance, where Kuroka was waiting for her.

"So, Mt. Fuji, hmm?" Kuroka said.

"Eavesdropping much?" Mizuki scoffed playfully.

"Not like I can help it." The Nekoshou rolled her eyes as her cat ears twitched. As she noticed Mizuki's stare, Kuroka raised an eyebrow. "What? Something on my face?"

Now that I think about it, she kind of looks like… Mizuki thought to herself. …Am I imagining things?

"Hey, you said you had a sister once, didn't you?" She asked. "What was her name again?"

"Shirone. Why?" Kuroka answered, sounding somewhat confused.

I thought as much… The former assassin said. Besides, that one had white hair.

"Nah, I just met a devil-reincarnated Nekomata recently— one of Gremory's." She clarified, as the light of the teleportation circle beneath consumed them. "Koneko, her name was. You probably saw her during the tournament."

"Seriously? Koneko? What kind of name is that?" The Nekoshou scoffed before shrugging, arriving near the portal. "Well, now I'm glad I didn't watch that stupid tournament."

"You didn't watch it?"

"Nope. Never bothered with that kind of stuff. Feels like a waste of time."

"Why not? I mean, you've been looking for a 'strong husband' for ages, haven't you?" Mizuki pointed out. "I imagine you'd scout 'em out in stuff like tournaments and such."

Kuroka paused as realization slowly dawned on her.

"I think that's the first intelligent thing I've ever heard from you." She said, looking at Mizuki in awe. "Who are you and what did you do to Mizuki?"

"Pfft, as if you can hurt me with something like that," Mizuki responded, looking quite smug. "I live with a daughter who wastes no second in the day to hurt my feelings. I've become immune to this type of abuse."

There was a pause between them before Kuroka spoke.

"I hope you realize how sad that just sounded."

She did realize it. Right after 'abuse' left her mouth.

"Well, regardless, good luck on your search," Kuroka said as she stepped back, preparing to teleport back to the top. "I'll go watch for potential candidates to harass— I mean, ask out on a date. Toodles~"

"See ya~"

Once the Nekoshou vanished out of sight and Mizuki was left on her own, she stared at the portal for a few seconds before something in her brain clicked.

"Ah…"

Why teleport here? Not like going down a flight of stairs was that difficult— she could've just leaped into the air and made it to the bottom in a matter of seconds. Kuroka didn't have to do that at all!

What she could've done, however, was teleport her near Mt. Fuji. Around it. Close enough so they aren't intruding on Yuna.

Which she would've done under Yasaka's orders.

Fuming at her friend's funny little prank, Mizuki begrudgingly went through the portal because it was either that or go up the stairs again.

When I get my hands on you… She seethed.

If Yasaka thought her cheeks were safe from pinching when they met again, she'd be sorely mistaken.


– Akane –

I think perhaps the most painful thing about this little funny conspiracy I got dragged into is the insufferable waiting, especially when I've practically finished all preparations I'll need to get the jump on this Overseer dickhead. With the spheres now done and ready, the only thing I need to do now is wait for them to find him or the subject of his interest, or wait until he makes a dumb move that'll lead us right to him.

Investigating in Honolulu wouldn't do us good, not when he's probably on guard. I defeated Yamai, one of the leaders here, and his minions failed to kidnap Asia. He has to be aware of all that, considering how he's been able to watch us the entire time. How and why, I still don't know. But I'll figure it out eventually. I always do.

The only saving grace is that he shouldn't know about my Bronze Spheres floating around all of Hawaii and scanning for Lani and her guardian. I made them in the resort, where he seemingly is unable to spy on, and they're nowhere near Honolulu, which I'm sure is where his range extends.

So with them checking every scattered island, it's only a matter of time before we find them. In the meantime, our priority is figuring out the bastard's identity, because once we know who he truly is, we can pretty easily kick his ass and get rid of him permanently. Of course, that's a lot easier said than done.

Dwight is most definitely hiding, and I can't even begin to search for Wong Tou when I have little to no information about him or his organization, which is an issue that could've been easily solved with my beloved and beautiful Spyders. So for now, my options are pretty limited, which is annoying.

So instead of banging my head against the wall for who knows how long, I decided to branch out to one of my other main and long-term projects. One that would do me well, especially once we make it back to Japan.

"A portal, you say?" Lucifer hums with an intrigued tone as he watches me putting the finishing touches on my latest machine. "Fascinating. I never thought you'd be able to build such a thing so quickly."

An oval-shaped empty doorway big enough to fit one person at a time, connected to a large metal box containing its control panel, which is where most of the work was dedicated. I've had it tested out by teleporting near a Spyder within the base to see if it works, so I'm sure that the portals actually work. There's no risk of getting tele-fucked across dimensions.

"Hah. It's nothing special." I roll my eyes, closing the hardware compartment. "It's severely limited. It's slow and restricted to only open portals using connections to my other machines. Ultimately inferior to the unrestrained portal powers that blond chick had."

Which, yeah, it's still a valuable asset considering I still don't even have the portal powers for myself yet, but I'm not even entirely sure it can open portals to other dimensions. If this is a dud, then I'll be forced to use a more tangible item to connect the human realm to the underworld, and my best bet would be to use something originating from there.

Excelsis is most definitely something I can work with in that regard, but it's way too risky. Holding that sword for even a second is like lighting up the noisiest fireworks in the middle of the night in a populated neighborhood. It'll draw way too much attention to my base. Regardless, that's still a last resort. I can always ask Rias or Sona for some underworld flower or something, which would work just as well.

For now, I'll see if the portal machine can connect to the Spyders I left in the underworld during my time there. If I'm able to open a portal, then this will make things a whole lot easier and more convenient. Who knows, maybe I can raid that island for those crystals a lot sooner than I thought.

"It's quite the accomplishment regardless," Lucy tells me. "To tell the truth, back in my day, these teleportation techniques were rather rare. Not many were able to simply teleport between dimensions so easily."

"That's kind of my point. Maybe it would've been impressive ten thousand years ago, but now?" I snort. "This type of thing is pretty common."

"Perhaps, but consider that you've built such a thing through technology. Not magic." He points out. "Isn't that something to be proud of?"

…You know, I'm all for praise, but something about the way he does it makes me feel a little uncomfortable. Not in the sense that he's being a creep. Not really. But it's just… I know he has an ulterior motive. No way the devil god Lucifer himself doesn't have his own agenda, but to this day, he hasn't lied to me once.

Maybe he's so skilled that I can't really tell. Maybe most of his lies are mixed with so many half-truths that it's impossible to tell. I don't know, and it's weird. What does he get from being so nice? I mean, sure, I can always threaten him by handing Excelsis away. He's pretty much at my mercy as long as the sword is in my possession.

…But I'm NOT willing to hand that sword over, no matter what. He KNOWS that. And it's not like I hate him, either. He's friendly, helpful, and isn't as demanding as one would expect from someone in his position. It's just… he feels like he's biding his time. Like he's waiting for something to happen. And I guess not knowing what it is makes me feel a little skittish.

How ironic. Despite Lucy being the only person who knows who I really am, who understands me better than most of those around me… I still can't help but feel uneasy around him the most.

Regardless, I probably should keep my guard up.

"I suppose. Then again, it's the only option I have at the moment, so it'll do," I respond with a shake of my head. "Underworld Spyder status?"

"Active," Nemesis responds. "Special high-frequency radio wave emission at max power."

"Anything or anyone around it?"

"Scanning…" He begins. After a moment, he gives me an answer. "Scan complete. Negative. No significant lifeform within three thousand kilometers detected."

"Three thousand is more than enough," I mumble. "I should be able to open a portal in that area without anyone sensing it."

It's not like the portal itself would be discharging that much energy. Probably even less than the regular teleportation spells the devils use.

Approaching the control panel of the portal, I turn it on and adjust its radio wave emission and receiver to the halfway point. Is my tech advanced enough to penetrate through dimensions despite my lack of experience in this sort of field? That's what we're going to find out.

The metal edges of the doorway begin glowing, but after a few seconds, nothing happens. I give it some more time, and when I'm sure nothing will happen, I speak.

"Status?"

"Unable to receive signal." He says. "Connection is impossible."

I thought as much.

I crank up the radio wave emission of the machine to the max, which does risk alerting whoever it was that compromised my tech, but it's something I'm willing to do. Really, I'm tempted to lure them out here and kill them myself. But I digress.

"What about now?"

Nemesis takes half a second to scan before answering.

"Unable to receive signal." He repeats. "Connection is impossible."

"I guess even with the materials the Yakuza gave me, I'm still limited, huh…" I mutter, feeling a little displeased. I knew those motherfuckers gave me their scraps… "Oh well. Nemesis, increase the emission output of the Spyder to 200%."

"Warning: This action has the potential to result in irreparable damage to Spyder #24." He says. "Proceed?"

"As much as it pains me to damage my adorable creations, I want to get that portal working." I shrug. "Just make sure to connect them before the poor thing fries itself."

"Affirmative."

Seemingly, upon my super AI's confirmation, the Spyder is pushed to its limit as arcs of electricity spark within the doorway, more and more frequently as the glow becomes almost unbearable to look at, until—

"Signal received. Connection made." Nemesis alerts, making me grin. "Opening portal in 3… 2… 1…"

After the countdown, the portal opens, revealing a random underworld desert to me. I'll admit, I didn't think I'd be able to get it working today, so color me surprised. Now, the moment of truth…

…Then again, I don't think it's exactly wise to walk through a cross-dimensional portal before seeing if it's safe first, so instead of mindlessly doing that, I take an apple from my inventory and throw it inside. Nothing happens to it— it doesn't get fried or crushed or anything, which I use as confirmation for the portal's safety.

I grab a receiver machine in the shape of a fist-sized box I created before this experiment, knowing full well that a Spyder was not going to be a permanent solution for my portals. Then I walk through it, and lo and behold, the atmosphere shifts in an instant. A desert no different than the ones we have on Earth— dunes of sand as far as the eye can see, yet I know for a fact that I've made it to the underworld. Using my own peerless genius, unrivaled resourcefulness, and overwhelming talent.

"Well, I'll be." Lucifer chuckles, probably marveling at my greatness. "If I could, I would've patted you on the head for a job well done. I'm honestly impressed."

I look down at the destroyed Spyder in the sand, reduced to smoking scraps after being pushed beyond its limit, then crouch next to it.

"Aww, look at you." I coo and scoop it up with my hands. "I knew you had it in you. It's decided, then. After this show of loyalty and dedication to your goddess, you're the first of the Spyders to be upgraded. You deserve it."

"It is merely a machine, Akane," Lucifer says with an amused tone.

"It's also my creation." I disagree. "An extension of me. That deserves my unconditional love."

If anything, I value this little thing more than most of humanity.

Honestly, the fact that it arrived here in a matter of a few weeks is what I find impressive. Traversing through the sands without any mobility upgrades must've been difficult. Obviously, I know that Nemesis piloted it the entire time, but my point still stands.

In its place, I put the receiver box and make sure to bury it a few inches in the sand. This device can output five times more than my Spyders, which is its entire reason for being. Now that I've confirmed I don't need any tangible items of underworld origins and only need a connection between my machines to make a portal, this will serve as a key to the underworld.

"So?" Lucy says. "What do you plan to do now?"

"With easy access to the underworld like this, I should probably figure out a way to hit that floating island and raid it for what it's worth," I reply, standing back up and going back to my base, shutting the portal behind. "Thankfully, I can get maps and pictures of that island on the Devilnet, then make a plan from there."

"I hope you're expecting the Agreas to be heavily guarded." Lucy points out. "After all, that was the case during my time. Agreasite is valuable for a reason, my dear."

"Obviously. I should probably expect a couple of Ultimate-class devils at least." I smirk. "Which means lots and lots of high-quality souls for me to feed on."

"Your hunger knows no limit." He chuckles. "Though I do suggest you avoid confrontation if you can help it. If you cause enough ruckus, you could draw in someone you cannot hope to defeat."

"Like one of the Satans, huh…" I hum. "That's true. Though, to be honest with you, I feel confident enough to take on Serafall if it ever came down to it."

In raw stats? She's a lot stronger than I am. But being immune to ice magic immediately renders a lot of her options useless. Each spell she casts would make me stronger, and by the time she notices, it would be too late for her.

And this is not counting Excelsis.

"But yeah, you're right. Getting into a fight with any of them would cause more problems than it is worth." I nod. "My priority is getting those crystals, which should be easy enough with my inventory. Stuff a bunch of 'em in there and dip. And with my cloaking tech, how difficult could that be?"

"Quite." He agrees. "Now then, I assume you'll return to that resort of yours to rest?"

"I'm already done with everything today, so yeah." I shrug, sighing once I look at the time. 5:43 AM… "And I only have a couple of hours to sleep. This is gonna suck…"

But considering what I accomplished today, I think I deserve to sleep for as long as I want.

I kind of doubt the spheres will have found anything in the meantime, but I'm open to being surprised.
Spoiler: Mizuki Art
Last edited: Nov 25, 2025
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 46 others
Mirlnir
Nov 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 70: Suspicion New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 13, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,053
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Daigo –

If there was one thing he could appreciate, it was peace and quiet. Something he couldn't enjoy much of, considering his position, but he would take what he could get. A rare moment when he could calm his nerves was a blessing, especially after so many 'events' had happened consecutively; he wondered if fate was out to get him.

Though Daigo was not a religious man. Really, it was difficult to be religious while knowing the gods walked among them— that they were less 'gods' and more a different species. They were neither all-powerful nor unkillable. Not to say Daigo had been religious before he'd been introduced to the supernatural, but he had digressed. It was nice to have a moment with no conference or invasion to worry about.

As a memory of that damned report flashed in his mind, he couldn't help but sigh in exhaustion. Of all times to attack, those bastards had chosen the Young Devil Gathering? Had they really decided to invade the same year Tatsu's girl joined as a guest? Just what was her luck? Of course, Daigo was glad that nothing tragic had happened. Miraculously, there had been no civilian casualties—the New Satans' response had been quick and efficient. Moreover, Akane's actual defeat of one of the Old Satans' leaders was good news.

Her growing popularity as some sort of supernatural celebrity, especially after winning the tournament, was overall a net positive for the Tojo Clan. Good PR led to increased business, as more factions became interested in their weapons and technology. Business meant more allies and money, which they used to fund future projects.

So really, he was thankful for the girl. Though he couldn't say he'd ever get used to her attracting the wrong crowd. Ever since Akane had entered the picture, she'd been entangled in conspiracies left and right. It hadn't even been a year yet. He was hoping she wouldn't get in trouble during her vacation. She may be a trouble magnet just like her father, but what were the odds, right?

Then again, she was a clear target for the Amon Clan, so perhaps it was not entirely her fault. The invasion might have been just a coincidence. Maybe their involvement did not change much, and the Old Satans had always intended to carry out this invasion, but if the Amon had truly orchestrated everything, how desperate were they to capture her? What did Akane possess that made her so critical to their plans?

Daigo was aware of how odd the girl was. Mainly, her bizarre growth in power and out-of-place talent for spatial magic. As far as he knew, she was a unique case, especially among humans. He'd heard of gifted warriors growing exponentially powerful under pressure, showing up only once every few hundred years, and Akane seemed to display these characteristics. At times, he wondered if Tatsu had passed down his genetically engineered bullshittery to her, but that wasn't the case.

She didn't exhibit any unnatural ability to rapidly regenerate wounds, nor had she been born with any draconic energy. The only things she had inherited from Tatsu were his red eyes and tendency to get into street brawls. She was more or less human and had gotten most of her magical talent from her mother. But that couldn't be all of it, could it? The Amon Clan must know something about her that they didn't. Daigo had a hard time believing that they'd risk so much just to get her.

But he had reflected on those thoughts too many times. He had other things to worry about.

The Sixth Chairman gazed at the odd photo in his hand, of a strange, white-haired child with a soft smile. He wasn't sure what he was looking at, but what he knew was that he didn't like this person. Something about their face drew out a growing unease in him. It felt as if he were being stared at. By them somehow. He wasn't alone in that— every person who looked at the photo for longer than a few seconds felt it as well.

Right after the Old Satan invasion and its aftermath, Akiyama had approached Daigo for a favor, which he had been happy to oblige. Not only were they good allies, but Akiyama was a close friend of Kiryu's, and that was all Daigo needed to know that he was trustworthy. Why would he deny an easy request?

Keep an eye out, and if possible, look for the individual in the photo. Simple. Of course, he didn't know why they were wanted and who wanted them. Akiyama always made sure his clients kept their anonymity for many reasons. Only that, whoever they were, they were 'the most important client he had ever gotten.'

That was enough to gain Daigo's interest, and once he'd seen the photo, he knew that whatever this… thing was, it needed to be found.

He exhaled through his nose and turned off his phone. Not like they were making any progress on that front, and his gut told him that they wouldn't any time soon.

As the door of his office opened, his right-hand man walked in, holding a couple of papers in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other.

"Excuse me." He said politely, then entered the office and closed the door behind him.

"Ah, Mine." Daigo acknowledged with a nod. "How's development on our tech upgrades?"

Mine put the papers and cup on the Chairman's desk.

"Better than we thought." He answered. "They're already in the testing and debugging stage. We might get them a week earlier than predicted."

"Excellent." Daigo smiled, pausing once he saw the look on his captain's face.

Although he always looked like he was two seconds away from killing someone with that frown on his face, Daigo worked with Mine for years. He knew when the guy was worried.

"What's wrong?"

He took a moment before responding.

"In Majima-san's report regarding the invasion, he mentioned that the Amon owned nanotech." He clarified. "Something beyond anything our engineers can reasonably produce."

Daigo's smile faded as he realized that, despite their significant progress over the past month, they remained considerably inferior. If it ever came down to a conflict between them, the Tojo would be at a great disadvantage.

"I'm afraid our current upgrades still pale in comparison." He added. "They wouldn't be of any help against the Amon."

"Probably not, but progress is progress," Daigo responded, leaning back on his chair. "And this is all we can do at the moment."

Mine remained silent, prompting the Chairman to continue.

"You have to keep in mind that their priority isn't us. It's the capture of Akane Amamiya." He said. "And after the past few weeks, I trust she'll be able to handle herself. She's proven her strength, hasn't she?"

Although he didn't seem entirely convinced, Mine hadn't bothered to argue. Or rather, couldn't, as he put a finger over his earpiece, eyes narrowing.

"What?" He muttered almost tonelessly, but Daigo picked up on his shock. "Understood. I'll send someone over to investigate."

"What's wrong?"

"Another gang has suddenly disappeared." He answered. "The Heishi in Nagasaki."

"Is it the terrorist?" Daigo frowned. "Again?"

"Evidently." Mine nodded. "And it seems that they left a message this time."

Bringing up a holographic screen, Daigo's frown deepened at what he saw. Written on the concrete walls, in what appeared to be blood and in English, was a simple statement. One that was a significant cause for concern, not just for the Yakuza but even for the three biblical factions, were they to see it.

"GOD IS DEAD"




– Akane –

I can't say I was completely confident about doing this, but it had to be done. Honestly, it was kind of exciting, too. Any mistake, no matter how small, could have messed everything up and ruined me, so having this little plan go smoothly makes me feel good about myself. I should probably get used to that, seeing how immaculate I am.

A few days have passed since I beat up Yamai, and we've been waiting for Magnus to get back to us ever since. Don't know what's taking him so long, but I hate doing nothing, so with the Bronze Spheres still not finding anything of value around Hawaii, I decided to play around with the portal machine some more. I mean, I barely got a chance to use it beyond confirming it can help me travel through dimensions.

However, due to its limitations, which require signal receivers to connect before opening a portal, there isn't much I can do. And so, with some of my Spyders being back in Japan, I decided to take a more daring approach. After all, I've barely had time to 'build' this villain persona—her goals, personality, and motivations.

What better time to do this than now?

This works doubly as a diversion, distancing me from my supervillain persona. Akane Amamiya, the Amamiya Family heiress of the Tojo Clan, is in Hawaii. How and why would she return to Japan to cause trouble? Moreover, how does she know about a secret so closely guarded by the three biblical factions that they personally asked the Yakuza to keep it under wraps during one of the most crucial meetings in the past hundred years?

How could she possibly know that God is dead?

This will serve as a layer of protection. Even if they somehow find proof of my involvement, these questions would make them think twice before accusing me of anything. It'll give me more time to figure out how to get rid of any other evidence that could prove my guilt.

So yes, maybe I took a huge risk by metaphorically poking the hornet's nest when there was no need to, but it's all for a good reason. I don't want to be with them forever. I'm better than that. I'm better than them and everyone else. The only 'faction' I'd be okay with being part of is one under my control— my own organization.

But that's for future Akane to worry about, as I don't see myself not needing the Yakuza's backing for a while, so burning bridges so soon might not be the brightest idea. Until I'm absolutely sure I've fully surpassed them, their tech, and every single one of their 'legends', I'll continue playing the good guy.

Who knows? Maybe that day will come a lot sooner than expected. Maybe this Esperanza treasure is exactly what I need to start my 'independent' arc. Where I don't have to worry about hiding who and what I really am.

It sounds nice.

Though gaining the power to be comfortable showing my true self is, ironically, the easy part. Convincing certain, good-hearted individuals to follow my lead is what's going to be hard to accomplish.

"A date?" I parrot, pausing my work on a new Bronze Sphere and blinking at Ichi in confusion.

"Yeah. I know it sounds weird, but ever since we started dating, we've never really gone on a date together." He clarifies, suddenly growing nervous. "I mean, we kinda skipped a few steps, didn't we?"

…Then again, oddly enough, it's not like I dislike this purity of his. It makes him sentimental, compassionate, and weak— traits I thoroughly despise in a person…

Yet, for some reason, I don't really hate it when it's him. On the contrary, it feels right with Ichi. As if he'd be lesser without his annoying purity. It's weird. Am I just biased or something? Maybe I'm giving him leeway because I like him?

…No, that would imply I can be wrong, and my opinion is always the right one.

I guess he's just special.

"I already told you. 'Dating' is a dumb concept. Or going on dates is what I find stupid. What's the difference between that and what we've already been doing?" I ask, ignoring those fuzzy and annoying feelings for now. "We hang out all the time, don't we?"

Slipping back into the resort after my funny little act of terrorism was easy, but that's because I'm good at time management, even with the vastly different time zones of Hawaii and Japan. Also, even with how fast I'm able to move, teleportation really is a different beast. Seriously, in and out in less than a moment makes the minutes I'd take by flying feel like an eternity.

It has been a few hours since I made it back, and everyone has already woken up. Irina dragged Xenovia, Issei, and Kiba to play volleyball with the excuse of 'team building exercise', while Koneko and Asia stayed inside to watch anime. But with Magnus's lack of response, tensions are starting to run high. I'm somewhat affected too, seeing how much I hate waiting and doing nothing.

He should hurry up, because if I get any more anxious, I'm raiding that little underground base. Can't imagine the loot we'd find in that black market place. Weapons, magic items, artifacts, and maybe tech, all of the illegal variety, probably. How can I not be excited?

Though admittedly, I am a little more interested in whatever 'Patient Zero' is. I wonder if its soul is worth taking.

"I dunno, it's hard to explain." He rubs his neck, not entirely sure what he's talking about either. "When we hang out, we just do. There's no deeper meaning behind it."

"Wow, really? Sorry for not giving you the full girlfriend experience." I scoff playfully. "Didn't think you could get friend-zoned by your own boyfriend."

"That's not what I meant." He replies. "I think it's the mindset that's different? We hang out, yeah, but never… romantically, I guess?"

I stare at him silently, still not sure what he's saying, making him sigh.

"I'm saying I want to take you out for dinner sometime soon." He confesses. "A proper date where I handle everything. You always take care of me, so I wanna show my appreciation."

"You could've just said that, you know?" I giggle, amused at how cute he was acting. "I don't get what you're so embarrassed about."

"I'm just not used to not being single yet." He admits adorably, then looks at me expectantly. "So you're down for it or…"

"Sure, sounds fun." I nod, giving him a grin and putting the wrench on the desk. "There's a dress I wanted to try out, and this is the perfect excuse. But I'm warning you, if this date turns out to be boring, I'm telling you how it is. I'm not gonna be mincing my words."

"Fine by me." He responds as he lights up in excitement. "Can't be any worse than anything you've already said to me."

"You make it sound like I'm abusing you." I raise an eyebrow. "I'm only mean to you because I know you like it."

"I don't."

"You do~ I've seen what you're like in bed, Ichi." I tease. "You like it when women are mean to you and call you awful names, don't you? Masochist~"

On the desk, my phone then suddenly vibrates, making me pick it up to check the notification. It's none other than the security cameras alerting me to someone parking their car in front of the main gate. Finally. About damn time. Expected a message telling us to come to Revolve, but this is better.

"As much as I want to argue, I know it's a lost cause with you." He retorts, not as affected by my teasing anymore. "You can believe whatever you want to believe."

"I believe only the truth." I shrug nonchalantly, getting up from my seat. "I bet you'd be happy if I offered to sit on your face."

"What does that have to do with anything?!" He exclaims in surprise. "Where did that even come from?"

"You're not denying it."

"I don't know what kind of person you take me for, but I'm really not into that sort of stuff—"

"I'll do it if you tell the truth."

The words quickly die in his throat before he fakes a cough with a bright red face.

"Well, I mean, if you really insist…" He mumbles, folding instantly. As expected.

He's just so easy.

"I thought so~" I giggle. "Come on, Magnus is at the door. Hopefully with some good news."

"About time." He sighs.

"Right?" I roll my eyes, leaving our room. "I was starting to get bored. Though we might have to delay our date."

"As long as we get to go on one."

Oh, we will. Because now I'm interested in his idea of what a 'date' is supposed to be like. Either it's so bad that it gives me fuel to tease him more, an attempt so adorable that it makes me swoon, or he might actually surprise me with something genuinely romantic. So really, it's a win-win for me. And him. Because, regardless of how our date goes, he's getting a nice bonus at the end of it.

But for now, time to see what the CIA has for us. I swear, if he tells us to 'stand by' or wait any longer, I'm telling him to fuck off.

Because there's a supernatural black market begging me to raid it.



– Magnus –

"Thank you." He accepted the hot mug of coffee from the former nun with a smile. "Would've stopped by a cafe, but I didn't want to be late."

"You're welcome." Asia nodded.

"We have already waited a few days. A couple more minutes wouldn't have hurt." The yakuza princess said. "I'm surprised you didn't tell us to meet you back at Revolve. What's up with that?"

At Amamiya's resort, the CIA, the Tojo yakuza, the devils, and the exorcists gathered around the dinner table to discuss certain subjects at Magnus' request. It was an odd combination of different factions working together to stop a potential world-ending threat, and admittedly, he'd had his doubts at first. But these kids were alright. They'd proven themselves to be capable.

He could see why they, or at least the princess, had been instrumental in defeating Kokabiel and pushing back the Old Satans during their invasion. Effortlessly beating Yamai without breaking a sweat was no easy task— her strength was the real deal. And sure, maybe it was luck that they'd managed to capture one of the three leaders, what with Yamai approaching Amamiya first, but who said luck never played a part in succeeding?

Magnus had been ready for a headache and a half when these kids decided to stick their noses in his business, but now he was glad that he'd let them and that his gamble had paid off. Yes, it might be at the risk of pissing off several factions at once, but with how enthusiastic this group was about being part of a super-secret mission, he doubted he'd get much flak for it. Not when the princess had practically threatened to get involved with or without his consent.

Unlike regular kids, who you could just tell to fuck off, they could cause a lot of problems. So what was he to do? Might as well see how long their lucky streak lasts before it ends and they stop being useful. But even if they weren't helpful as investigators, Magnus was glad that a bunch of unreasonably powerful kids were on his side.

Because worst-case scenario, he didn't think he could take on a goddess on his own.

"It's what Yamai said that bothered me." He responded to the princess. "Something about this Overseer knowing things he shouldn't."

Of course, this could be nothing more than a meaningless warning. Perhaps Yamai was predictable, especially seeing the resource advantage the Overseer had, but Magnus wasn't going to risk it. Powerful clairvoyance techniques and abilities existed, and they could be dealing with a master.

"I wouldn't think about it too much." Akane waved her hand, her tone arrogant and full of herself. "You really think a battle junkie like Yamai is sophisticated enough to fool someone who avoided your organization for this long?"

The Agent's eyes inspected that hand from a distance, more specifically, the bronze ring she wore. A piece of technology he'd never seen before. She'd never shown such a thing back in the bar. What was this, and where had she gotten it? Something new she'd built? How could that be when it didn't follow the design philosophy of her alleged spy tech?

Was this Tojo tech? No. It was similar, yes, but not quite the same. Unless there was another tech-based faction lending her stuff, it was her creation. But if that was the case, then what had happened to her other tech?

...She couldn't have redeveloped her tech from the ground up with a different style in just a few days without any assistance from the yakuza, could she? He thought, unsure whether to be impressed or worried. Because that would be insane.

As grateful as he was for her help, he did NOT like how suspicious she was. She was hiding something. He didn't know what she could possibly be planning, but whatever it was, it could be dangerous. He had to keep an eye out.

"Better be safe than sorry," Magnus shrugged, remaining composed. "With Honolulu being his territory, I'd rather distance myself from him in case we are being spied on."

"I thought Hawaii was your territory?" Issei blinked.

"We thought so, too." He replied dryly.

"Sheesh." The Red Dragon Emperor said, rubbing his neck. "He's real good at hiding, isn't he?"

"You expect anything less from a heretic?" The blue-haired exorcist scoffed. "Hiding in the shadows like a rat. A coward incapable of facing us properly, content with hurting innocent people for his benefit. What can you call such a sick individual other than vermin?"

"A disgusting, disease-ridden pest is an apt description for the type of weakling we're dealing with." Akane agreed with a smirk. "But let's be fair. He should be scared, seeing who he's up against."

Although the rest seemed so done with her theatrics, none of them tried to even admonish her for her arrogance. Which would've been understandable considering her position, but Magnus could tell that some of them silently shared those thoughts.

…Did he mention that he wasn't a big fan of how overconfident these kids were? Impressive resume or not, they were still dealing with a potential world-ending threat here.

"Regardless, I came here to discuss a few things my operator discovered." He returned to the subject at hand, drawing everyone's attention. "Mainly, what the Overseer is truly after."

"Oh?"

Indeed. Although not anything new on his part, after his report to HQ, his superiors decided that it was time to share some classified information with this group of misfits. This was something Magnus had known long before he even came to Hawaii as part of his briefing, and he decided to omit it from the kids in case they were more trouble than it was worth. But they'd proven their value as reliable allies, meaning they deserved to be in the loop.

Though he was going to keep the 'rogue CIA splinter group helping the Overseer' a secret for now. He wasn't obligated to tell them everything.

"We knew that whatever he planned could cause disasters if it ever came to fruition, but the truth is a lot worse than we thought." He said. "The Overseer seeks to revive Pele, the Volcano Goddess of Hawaiian mythology."

None of the kids reacted in the way he expected— all of them remained quiet, staring at him in mild confusion.

"…That's bad?" Irina asked.

"Of course, it's bad, idiot." Xenovia huffed. "A false god should remain in the grave, dead and forgotten."

"Yeah, but he makes it sound a lot worse than it is."

He'd anticipated looks of shock or fear at the mention of her name, but it seemed that none knew who she was, so he explained further.

"Pele is an ancient goddess with delusions of grandeur. A warmonger who killed countless for the sake of conquest." He said. "Only a few short years after the Great Biblical War, she chose to invade heaven with an entire army in an attempt to claim the infinite realms for herself."

"I imagine she was stopped?" Akane asked, looking very interested.

"Barely," Magnus confirmed. "The angels were heavily weakened during her invasion, fresh out of a war that took a lot from them. Had it not been for Shiva, she might've succeeded in wiping out or enslaving the entire race."

"Shiva…" Ichiban parroted. That was a name that got a reaction, at least. "You mean it took the strongest guy in the universe to stop her?"

"Why would Shiva help the angels?" Xenovia questioned.

"Because Pele taking the Throne of Heaven is a disaster for everyone." He clarified. "She is evil, insane, and opportunistic. Perhaps worse than the Old Satans in that regard."

"That's one hell of a bar to pass," Akane said in amusement. "So this Overseer is some old religious nutjob who worships Pele? Huh, I wonder where I heard this before?"

"Mr. Bryce…" Asia's eyes widened. "No way— It couldn't be him!"

"I mean, shit, he fits the bill, doesn't he?" Ichiban muttered. "But why would he walk around Honolulu like that? Isn't it too risky from his perspective?"

"At the same time, he endangered his own life to save Asia," Irina added. "So I'm getting some mixed signals here."

"It's not him." Magnus shook his head. "Or at least, my operator doesn't think so."

"And how can they be sure?" Akane raised an eyebrow.

"We've run several background checks on him. Even had him tailed for a couple of weeks." He retorted. "Nothing. Not a single indication of him being involved. As far as we're aware, he's a normal old man who owns an orphanage."

And he had good reason to be confident in that. After all, Magnus was the one who'd done everything long before he came to Hawaii. He ran the background checks. He sifted through the files and records. He tailed the old man. All without telling a single soul— not even his superiors. Because running the risk of alerting this splinter group was the last thing they needed. It'd be easy for the Overseer to avoid them with their help.

"Dunno, still sounds pretty suspicious," Akane said, not convinced. "Like Ichi said, he fits the bill. You sure he didn't do anything questionable at all?"

"I'm sure." Magnus nodded. "But if you want to investigate him yourself, then go ahead. Just don't make it obvious."

"Don't worry, I'm the queen of subtlety." She boasted with a wink.

Although with the way she looked, it seemed more like blinking.

"It's not him, Akane." The former nun insisted, sounding almost offended. "Mr. Bryce would never do anything like that. He's a kind gentleman, and everyone at his orphanage likes him."

"Ever heard of lying, Asia?" The yakuza princess rolled her eyes. "Lots of people do it. It lets them trick idiots who believe everything they're told."

Asia didn't look happy with that blunt and admittedly harsh response as she frowned. And after visibly hesitating for a moment, she decided to remain quiet.

"So anyway, what's next? Anything else you wanna tell us, or…?"

"That's pretty much all of it." He said, finishing his coffee and getting off the chair. "You lot should try to figure out a way to get to Dwight. I'll see if I can find information on Wong and where he's hiding. One of them oughta know the Overseer's identity."

"Works for me. I know where to start looking." Akane said before addressing the rest. "I don't want to spend another second here, so I'm going to Honolulu. If you wanna join me, you follow my lead without question."

She then stared directly at the blue-haired exorcist.

"Am I clear?" She said, eyes narrowing.

"I-I got it." Xenovia huffed, crossing her arms and looking down. "It's what we agreed on, anyway…"

"Good." Akane nodded, pleased with the exorcist's reluctant response. "So I guess we're gonna start meeting up here from now on, huh?"

"Yes. It's safer." Magnus confirmed. "Good luck, Amamiya. And make sure you don't do anything reckless."

"I'll be fine." She waved it off, leading the kids outside. "Come on, guys. We have a gang to crush."

…Hearing how casually she said that didn't bode very well, he had to admit. But they had yet to disappoint so far, so he might as well let them do their own thing.

After all, it wasn't on him if they screwed up.



– Rias –

She had to admit, this was pretty nerve-wracking. It was one thing approaching one of the devils' most outstanding scientists and inventors for a favor, but being summoned explicitly by him? How was she supposed to feel about that? Sure, Rias' brother was one of, if not the most powerful devil in history and the current leader of their people, but Ajuka was… different.

He was quiet, and, as far as she knew, only spoke when necessary. He spent most of his time in libraries, and each time she'd catch a glimpse of him, she'd see him burying himself in some ancient tome or two. He would ignore important events that usually 'required' him to be present, and not even her brother would dare to drag him out of his study room.

A recluse. That's what he was— a total hermit who only liked doing research and casually making mind-boggling artifacts in his free time. Not to say he was irresponsible by any means. It was clear that he took his job as a Satan seriously, but it was also clear that all he truly cared about was knowledge.

She didn't know him as well as Sirzechs, and Rias couldn't exactly get close to a man like that. He wasn't as energetic as Serafall or as easy-going as Falbium. He was just different in a way she couldn't properly understand, and that made it very difficult to interact with him on a more casual level. Of course, she knew of his history as her brother's childhood friend. How he, Serafall, and Sirzechs used to get into silly competitions and get in so much trouble after pulling pranks on clan heads. She knew that there wasn't anything to worry about when it came to someone as reliable as Ajuka Astaroth. Or in this case, Beelzebub.

The Gremory heiress stood hesitantly before the door to his office, hovering her hand over the handle.

But those were stories from hundreds of years ago. The man behind that door was nothing like the person Sirzechs had told her about. She always thought he was a very intimidating individual, from the way he walked to the way he seemed to be calculating every single move she made. No, it felt more like he was calculating every single thing happening around him all at once.

Perhaps she was only noticing it now that she'd grown more acute senses after her training, but it felt like he could turn her inside out with a single thought. A violent thought for sure, and rather unwarranted considering he was her brother's best friend. Obviously, she knew that there was no way he'd hurt her. Why would he, right?

Didn't make it any less terrifying, though. No wonder Akane called him creepy, as disrespectful as that was.

Oh, get a hold of yourself. She huffed. It's a demand from Satan Beelzebub himself! It's your duty to obey his orders!

Rias smacked her cheeks to pump herself up, and after a deep breath, politely knocked on the door with her other hand on the handle.

"Come in," Ajuka said blankly.

The Gremory heiress entered the office and closed the door behind her, approaching Satan Beelzebub's desk, stopping a respectable distance from him, before slightly raising her skirt and giving a ladylike bow.

"I am here as you command, Lord Beelzebub." She said, her tone polite and even. "How may I be of help?"

She raised her head to get a better look at Ajuka, seeing him typing and clicking away on his personal computer. Seeing him so focused on his work made her think he didn't even notice her coming in, but she could sense it. This odd feeling of being watched despite his eyes being glued to the screen, her every move accounted for and calculated.

So instead of inquiring further, Rias decided to remain silent and wait for him to address her first. Thankfully, that didn't take too long, as an oval-shaped object, which she thought was a simple decorative piece on his desk, suddenly floated towards her. She caught it and blinked in mild confusion, inspecting it closer. Light green in color, with a button on top and an almost camera-like lens on the front. It was magical in nature, that much was clear. But what could it be for?

"My lord?" Rias muttered inquisitively.

"Like I told you before, unlike you, I can't exactly show up in Kuoh unannounced. That could be considered a provocation by the Tojo Clan." He started. "But I know how much this means to you, and I didn't want to leave you hanging."

She remained silent, watching him glance at her from behind the screen.

"The device in your hand, when activated, will scan a radius of fifty meters for any abnormal phenomenon." He explained. "The data it acquires will help determine whether your bishop was suffering from a schizophrenic episode or if there was a third party interfering."

"Really?! That's wonderful!" Rias' eyes widened, as did her smile. "Thank you so much, Lord Beelzebub! But will it work? That incident happened quite a while ago…"

"It will work." He responded with a raised eyebrow, showing the most emotion she'd ever seen from him. "It can detect up to three months old magic residue."

"O-of course. I meant no disrespect, of course." She cleared her throat, growing nervous under his gaze. "I'll do that right now."

Ajuka nodded, giving her permission to cast a teleportation circle. As the flash of light consumed her, she traveled to the human realm and right outside Gasper's room with the device in her hand. She opened the door, got inside, and pressed the button.

Rias stepped back as the device began floating on its own, the lens suddenly glowing green and casting holograms throughout the entire room. Through every corner, crevice, and even the tiny pebbles left after the incident, it scanned every little thing, whether it looked out of place or not.

Eventually, it was done scanning, and as the holograms disappeared, it floated back down to her. Rias caught it and blinked a few times.

"Done already?" She muttered to herself. "That felt a little anticlimactic."

As expected from Ajuka. Nice, quick, and practical. She was a little surprised that none of the Tojo clan members came to check on what she was doing, but they were probably used to her 'lollygagging' around this area, as that eye-patched guy had called it. How rude. Didn't he know that what she was doing was very important?

Whatever. She huffed as magic gathered in her fist.

With the job done in a matter of a few minutes, Rias quickly teleported back to the underworld and to Ajuka's office.

"It's done." She said.

He nodded, and the device floated back to Ajuka on its own.

"So is Gasper really suffering from schizophrenia or…"

"It'll take me a while to analyze the data." He told her as he caught it, making her pause. "I'll contact you when I get the results."

"Ah. I see. I understand." She exhaled. Then, she bowed deeply once more. "I can't thank you enough for your help, Lord Beelzebub. I'm forever in your debt."

"You're too quick to show gratitude." He said, glancing at her. "You may not like the answer, Rias. If your bishop really is mentally unwell…"

"Whether he is or not, you still humored me when you had no reason to." She said. "I will be thankful to you regardless, and I want you to know that. That is all."

Ajuka said nothing for a little while, staring at her with his usual blank face before eventually returning to his screen.

"You may leave now."

"As you command."

Rias left the office, feeling remarkably better than she had before answering his summons. Intimidating or not, she always knew he wasn't heartless, but to help her this much despite the risks? Even if he did it through a simple scanning device, while not as blatant as him physically showing up, it could've still caused a lot of problems.

Now that he possessed the data needed to analyze and confirm whether she was right about Gasper's mental state, Rias couldn't help but feel an immense sense of relief. Finally, the truth was within her grasp, and all she needed to do now was wait.

…Sirzechs was right.

Ajuka Beelzebub really was a lot nicer than she gave him credit for.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 49 others
Mirlnir
Jan 13, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 71: Bold Move New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jan 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,063
Edited by: Priapus, Maple, Marethyu


Now, I could just be setting myself up for disappointment, but ever since I found out about the little operation Dwight has under Honolulu, I've been salivating at the opportunity to get right in there and take all his shit for myself. Why wouldn't I? Imagine the sort of stuff he has in there. Weapons, resources, fucking drugs or potions— I don't care. I'll steal everything because I deserve it more.

Really, what would he or any of his 'customers' even use that stuff for? Knowing these kinds of people, it's 99% for self-pleasure. Short-sighted and short-term enjoyment that benefits no one. Yeah, I'm selfish too, but I'm at least very ambitious. More than any of these shmucks could ever hope to be.

That's why I don't want to just steal stuff. I aim to leave an impression that no one involved will ever forget. A statement telling them who Akane Amamiya is and the incredible power she wields. Yes, I'm already very popular on the Devilnet, and perhaps I've already proven myself by defeating Kokabiel and Shalba, but that's not enough.

I want to build some sort of heroic persona I can use. I already have the villain causing problems and making crazy and definitely untrue statements like 'god is dead', so I need something to balance the scales. Where no individual would ever look at these two people and think they're even remotely related.

The 'Hero' in this scenario will help people, stop catastrophes, and defeat powerful villains. That way, I can amass a whole fanbase and maybe even a cult following if I have the charisma for it. On the other hand, the 'Villain', whom I haven't come up with a name for yet, can focus on powerleveling. Stealing souls and building a mechanical army. That sort of thing.

Perhaps, then, I can maybe… 'merge' these two together slowly but surely, until I'd have no reason to hide my true self. In a world where individuals praise me for who I am. Not the hero I pretend to be. How am I gonna do that? Dunno. It's a lot more complicated than I'm making it sound. It could take me years to pull it off, but I believe it's possible. Nothing is impossible for the likes of me, after all.

Something for future Akane to worry about, I guess.

Yes, I'm well aware of how egocentric and outright insane this 'dream' is, but ultimately, that's the safest option, isn't it? Considering what I do when no one is looking, there's no way anyone would let it slide. Especially not the do-gooders I hang out with. Some of which I would rather not turn on me.

…Because it would hurt. A lot.

But I'm not willing to stop, either. If being evil means getting what I want and deserve, then until it stops benefiting me, I will be as evil as one could imagine. So why not just be evil together, right? After all, morals and sentiments are a weakness. A crippling liability that not even I am fully immune to, despite the system trait I have. They are ultimately a leash meant to hold one back from achieving their true potential. Without them, there's no telling what I can really do.

Unfortunately, I don't think Ichi or my mother would agree with that.

Imagining the wonderful things I can do with an unrestrained Devour skill both arouses me and pisses me off.

But I digress. The black market raid would still be pretty nice. Who knows? Maybe I'll be able to snatch a soul here and there when no one is looking. I mean, according to Koneko, there were a lot of people in there. Of supernatural origin, like Devils and whatever. I highly doubt someone powerful enough to pose a threat would be there, though. Other than whatever 'Patient Zero' is.

So maybe when that thing shows up, I can use it to distract my party for a quick snack? Might actually work if I'm quick. Assuming it's strong enough to last more than a few seconds. A very generous assumption, considering Ichi and I exist. And we're quickly making our way to the top 100 as far as I'm aware.

Fortunately, though, I have a decent plan.

After all, we're a huge group, and most turn-based JRPGs only allow four members in the main party. So instead of all of us just pointlessly raiding the place, I decided that we should be separated into different roles: The 'attack' and 'surveillance' parties.

As the name suggests, the attack party consists of whoever is chosen to raid the market. That would be me, Xenovia, Irina, and Issei. Why limit myself to four and not pick a fifth member since this is real life and not a game? And why use that excuse in the first place, seeing I don't even like turn-based games? Because fuck you, I make the rules.

As for why these three specifically, well, they're the least… troublesome in case I find an opportunity to devour someone's soul. Ichi is pretty sharp and might catch me, and so is Koneko. Can't have either of them, especially not Ichiban.

That leaves us with Kiba, Asia, and Raynare. The latter two are too weak to help in any meaningful way. As for the Rias' Knight, well, since I'm pretty much forced to take one of the exorcists with me, I'd rather avoid any unwanted tension. It's a shit excuse, admittedly, but I don't care. It works well enough.

Now, that means that the rest are the surveillance party. What they do is simple: They're split across Honolulu to look for any suspicious activities while we're down there wrecking the place. Why? Because that's when Dwight might actually make a move and clue us in on his location in case we don't find anything. Not guaranteed. Might not work, even. But what am I losing, really?

…Well, for me, I'm not losing anything since I'm in the fun group. Ichi was initially pretty dissatisfied, but he ultimately saw the point and reasoning of my plan, so he didn't argue too hard. I love him when he's reasonable~

He's the second strongest, and as he mentioned before, putting the group's most powerful combatants in one party isn't wise. It's better if we distribute our group's overall power equally. Or try to, anyway. It's still pretty skewed, admittedly.

Assuming this Patient Zero idiot is a lot stronger than any of us thought, then Ichi can just swoop us in and help us out. It could be strong enough to prove to be troublesome for one of us, but I HIGHLY doubt it'd be so powerful as to match both Ichiban and me together.

God, I'm so excited. I almost stopped caring about finding out where Dwight is hiding, even. Almost. Still gonna wring his neck once I find him. I'd even be justified in doing that.

But for now, a little side quest…

"You insist that you're merely suspicious…" Lucy starts, following me to the Palekana Orphanage. "But you seem rather convinced, my dear."

"Can you blame me?" I quietly mutter a response. "He fits the description Magnus gave us to a T."

Whom I've also grown to be a bit suspicious of after our little meeting a few hours ago.

He seemed oddly fixated on my new ring.

"And yet Magnus confirmed that the man is innocent." He argues.

"It's not far-fetched to say that whoever this Overseer is managed to sidestep whatever spying method the CIA used to gather information on him," I reply. "This power that he uses to track me— how no one seems to notice that they're being watched, even the cat. He could've easily used whatever it is to avoid them."

"Hardly proof of anything, darling." He hums with slight disagreement. "Though I suppose some investigation is warranted."

"Exactly. Doesn't hurt to be careful." I nod. "Would it really be shocking that the cultist nutjob who wants to resurrect an insane goddess is also the sage of said cult?"

"I suppose not." He chuckles. "Though I am rather interested in how the Overseer is able to track you. Moreover, you are the only one able to feel his presence. How very curious."

It's something I'd like to know as well. It's gotta be something related to the system. I'm sure of it. Because while I have pretty sharp senses, they are NOT better than Koneko's. I'd be pretty delusional to pretend otherwise. And when I tried to ask the game, once again, it refused to say anything. Not even a beep or an 'I don't know', meaning it's hiding something. Then again, the latter would just be bullshit since I'm almost sure it's omniscient in some way.

Fucker really decided to stop being helpful one day. If not for the bullshit power and versatility of the system, I'd figure out a way to kill the bastard for causing me so much grief. Maybe I should still try it. Who knows? I might even outgrow this cosmic piece of shit at some point. That'd be a day, huh?

"Do you have any idea what it could be?" I ask.

"Some. However, I'm not entirely confident. Hidden scrying wards and runes, Senjutsu, or perhaps something as simple as professionally-trained spies." Lucy replies. "Though the most obvious one would be enhanced perception. Perhaps to such a degree that he can see things across countries. Down to the most minute detail."

"Such a thing exists?"

"Indeed. Most gods are capable of it." Lucifer nods, putting a hand on his chin and humming. "Although it does not explain how, according to that Yakuza you defeated, he was able to 'know' plans he should have no way of knowing."

"And as I mentioned before, he could've just predicted Yamai," I argue with an amused snort. "Not like he's that smart."

You can't be when you approach me for a fight that casually.

"You are correct. Or…" The Devil God smiles. "This Overseer is trained in some form of clairvoyance."

I pause for a moment, my expression dropping into a mildly worried frown.

"You're saying he can see the future?"

"Perhaps. Perhaps not. Merely an educated guess." Lucy shrugs. "I've dealt with similar adversaries, so I have some experience. Why, I was adept in the arts as well."

"Are you?" I raise an eyebrow.

"To an extent." He confirms, looking at his hand. "Though I cannot seem to do so in this state. Rather, I cannot access most of my abilities. After all, without a physical form, I'm far weaker than I was."

I say nothing to that, lowering my head and contemplating. Someone who can see the future would be a bitch to deal with, no matter how weak they are. If he knows every step I'm going to take before I take them, then how the hell am I supposed to get rid of him? Obviously, all under the assumption that he can see the future, but still…

"There's no reason to be too worried," Lucifer says, noticing my expression of concern. "Even if this Overseer has the gift of precognition, you should be safe from him. He cannot truly perceive your future."

"Why not?" I question in surprise.

Lucifer hums for a moment before answering.

"That would be Excelsis' doing." He answers. "You have bonded with it; thus, it grants you a form of protection from certain powers. It devours hexes cast on you, deflects Voodoo magic seeking to harm you, and even blocks the most powerful of curses. It will defend its current user from anything it perceives as a potential threat."

Huh. Okay, that's another one of its abilities, even in its supposedly dormant state. So, beyond the active buff in the form of a very strong, very dangerous power-up when held, it also has a passive ability with seemingly no downsides? This thing just keeps getting better and better. I don't know why Lucifer hates it.

"Unless this Overseer is a god of considerable power at the level of, say, Shiva, then you will remain unaffected." He adds. "And I highly doubt a god that powerful would concern themselves with mortal affairs, or stoop so low as to worship another god."

Yeah, I don't think the Overseer is a god either. Though if Pele is as strong as Magnus made her out to be, then I can see someone wanting her as an ally and reviving her.

"Now that I think of it, it is rather odd that you had that harrowing nightmare back in the underworld. Could it be the doing of someone especially powerful? Excelsis' defenses are not impenetrable, after all." He points out, reminding me of that monster of corruption, and making me grimace. "If so, I wonder what they could want from you?"

"You just had to remind me, huh…." I sigh. "Regardless, even if that's true, then the Overseer is already alerted. He knows to be more careful around me, which isn't ideal."

"Correct. Moreover, your friends don't have the same benefit." He points out. "He can still see their futures, and from there, prepare ahead."

"Yeah…" I hiss in annoyance. "I really hope this isn't the case. If it is…"

Lucifer, although still walking with me, doesn't say anything else beyond a light chuckle. He leaves me to my thoughts and observes the city's architecture while we walk to the orphanage in silence.

No, the plan could still work since he won't be able to predict me anyway. There's also no way he could get out of this trap I'm laying out for him without revealing himself. He's utterly fucked.

Stopping before the Palekana Orphanage, I pause after spotting Bryce in the front yard, sitting on the grass with a couple of kids in a circle, reading a story for them. I don't immediately approach him, using Observe on him a second time to see if anything changed. Nothing. Still thinks of me as a 'Strong Person' without any discernible characteristics.

"Tsk…" I sneer.

Thanks, Game. You fucking asshole. Why can't you just make things easier for me? Are you allergic to winning? Do you want us to die? This is so annoying.

I exhale, wipe the scary expression off my face, and walk toward him. He only notices me when some of the kids do, and he breaks into a smile.

"Ah, Ms. Amamiya." He says. "What a pleasant surprise. What brings you here?"

This causes the rest of the orphans to stare at me as well. Their ages range from 5 to 14, an equal mix of boys and girls of various ethnicities. Some are confused and intimidated, others blush shyly when I meet their gaze, and a few look enchanted by me. I hear a few 'wow's and 'she's so pretty' by boys and girls alike, making my smile widen. I've never been a fan of kids, I always found them annoying, ESPECIALLY on planes, but I can't deny that some of them can be pretty cute.

And who could blame them for being so charmed by me, really? I'd also be utterly mesmerized if I saw me walk up to myself without warning.

…Actually, scratch that. I'd probably kill my doppleganger. You can't have two Akanes in one plane of existence, because that means one of us isn't perfect, and that's certainly not me.

"I was in the area and thought I'd say hi." I lie in response. "And I have something I'd like to tell you. Alone, if that's fine."

"Of course." He nods before addressing the children. "Alright, everyone. We can continue the rest of the story tomorrow. Please give us some privacy."

Unlike what I expected, none of the kids complained. Not even a peep or a groan of disappointment from any of them as they stand up. Half stay somewhere in the yard to play with each other, and the other half enters the building.

"They're a behaved bunch, aren't they?" I note. "You're pretty good at dealing with kids, huh?"

"I did nothing. This is all their work." He denies. "They're good kids who found themselves in awful situations outside their control. Unfair circumstances I wouldn't wish on anyone."

"That's life, isn't it?" I reply. "It's never cared about being fair."

"True. Which is why I built this orphanage." The Sage of Palekana says. "I wish to help children who were dealt a bad hand. Perhaps help them preserve their childhood, and give them a chance to live their lives."

"How kind." Lucifer hums. "Almost sickeningly so."

That I agree with.

"Even if they end up being a terrible adult later on?" I ask. "Not all of them can be helped. Not all of them want to be helped."

"All children are good, no matter how troubled they may be." Bryce shakes his head. "They only need a guiding hand to lead them."

"If you met me a couple of years earlier, I'd have proven you wrong in record time." I disagree. "Though I didn't come here to debate."

"I suppose not. My apologies, I tend to ramble a lot in my old age." He chuckles, his expression quickly turning worried as he stands up. "Any news on Lani?"

Suddenly, Lucifer, for whatever reason, walks in front of me and stands next to Bryce, leaning toward him almost uncomfortably close. Inches away from the Sage of Palekana, unblinking and frozen still. I'm confused and mildly startled by that; however, I don't let it affect me.

Okay…

"We're working on that," I respond without missing a beat. "And we are making progress, so don't worry. We'll rescue her soon enough."

I keep Lucy in my line of sight as I stare back at Bryce. What the hell is he doing? That's creepy.

"That is reassuring to hear. Thank you." He lowers his head in gratitude. "So what is it you wanted to talk about?"

…I'm gonna let Lucy do his thing for now. Probably has a reason. I'll ask when we're out of here.

"It's nothing profound. I just thought I'd thank you." I shrug. At his confusion, I clarify. "The other day, Asia told me you helped her out with something. She didn't tell me what it was, just that she's very grateful to you."

I guess that's why she seemed vehemently against me investigating him. He gained her trust a bit too quickly for my liking. I wouldn't really go out of my way to thank someone on behalf of someone else, but I needed an excuse to come here.

"Ah, I see." He replies with understanding. "I only gave her some words of encouragement and nothing more. I don't believe this warrants a visit, Ms. Amamiya, however much I appreciate it."

"Maybe not, but even though she and I aren't related, Asia is pretty much my sister at this point," I say. "So I thought I'd thank you anyway. As the older sister. You can say I'm doing my good deed for the day."

"I suppose I can't argue with that." He chuckles, offering a hand. "Thank you again, Ms. Amamiya. Truly."

That's when Lucy backs off with a curious hum.

…

"Sure, sure." I take his hand and shake it, letting a few of my Spyders crawl from my arm onto his. "I'll keep in touch in case we find Lani. See you around."

He doesn't notice them and waves goodbye, prompting me to walk away, with Lucifer closely following me. I realize the risk of taking Spyders with me to Honolulu, knowing someone could blow them up at any time, but that's the point. This will help me determine if Bryce is the Overseer or not.

He blows them up? He's definitely the Overseer. Doesn't? Then the Spyder will eventually lead me to his base, or at least some evidence that he is the Overseer. For me, it's a win-win. The Spyders are a trap for him that he HAS to fall into— no way around it. Otherwise, he'd be stuck. He wouldn't be able to do anything with the Spyders on him.

He's utterly fucked.

Once we're out of earshot, I glance at Lucy.

"What the hell was that about?" I question quietly.

"Hm? Ah." He gets what I'm referring to. "I had suspicions that he was somehow able to perceive my presence and thought to test him. That is all."

"By intensely staring at him?"

"You'd be surprised at how many quickly break under pressure." He responds. "Especially when the one 'intensely staring at you' is the Devil God himself."

…That's a good point. I know I'd be a bit weirded out by that. I mean, I'm already weirded out by the fact that he watches me sleep sometimes, but I got used to it. Can't really give him shit for it when he's forced to be around me at all times.

"So I assume you've done what you needed to do?" He asks, referring to my trap.

"Yeah," I confirm, taking out my phone and smirking. "Time for the fun part~"

I send a message in the group chat telling them to get ready as I make my way toward District Five. God, I can't wait.

I'm starving~


– Dwight –

To say that this was one of the worst positions he had been in would be one hell of an understatement. As a dangerous criminal, a supernatural one even, he'd gotten into a lot of scuffles with the CIA, so he knew when things were starting to go to shit. He'd developed a sense for these sorts of things. They'd almost caught him a few times, as well.

But Dwight had a lot of connections, even in the CIA itself. He knew a few people who helped him out whenever he was in a pinch. After all, his experience in organized crime and general expertise were very much appreciated. Whether it was inventing new super drugs or smuggling illegal weapons, this was his forte.

Sure, they were on his ass most of the time, the CIA that is, following Dwight from Mexico to Canada, to Europe, and finally to the US, but he knew how to avoid them. And once he had made it to Hawaii and met with its Kingpin, known as the Overseer, the CIA's presence had dwindled into practically nothing.

The Overseer was a powerful force in Hawaii. Unstoppable, in fact. He ran the place like he knew every single thing about it. Nothing happened in the city of Honolulu without the Overseer's approval, and as a fellow crimelord, Dwight respected him. As well as feared him tremendously.

When he'd first arrived here, Dwight thought he could overthrow him and take his place. That, however, had been a bad idea. The Overseer was unlike anything he'd seen before, and you can't exactly defeat someone who knows every single thing about you. Past, present, and somehow even future.

Dwight didn't know if the Overseer was a god or not— he had never even met him personally, but he knew that messing with him would lead to a slow and painful death. And now? He was stuck in Honolulu. He couldn't leave even if he wanted to. He was pretty much a slave right now.

…And honestly? After making peace with it, this wasn't really so bad. At the end of the day, he got to continue what he was doing before coming to Hawaii, this time without the CIA bothering him. Selling drugs, illegal weapons, and stolen resources. Perhaps human and non-human trafficking every once in a while— All the money went to him. Well, almost. The Overseer got about a 15% cut, which wasn't that bad, ultimately.

He still made enough money to last him a lifetime.

Staring out of the curtain wall of his suite, Dwight growled and rubbed his temples in a mixture of anger, frustration, and genuine concern. He stepped away and returned to his desk, not sure what he was supposed to do now.

Everything he'd built might collapse soon, because a bunch of kids had decided to show up here one day and stick their noses in his business. Yeah, sure, that had happened because of pure dumb luck after they'd witnessed his Barracuda go on their weekly parades, but what sort of dumbass decides to get involved in that sort of thing? Couldn't you just inform the police and call it a day? That's the normal response.

Unfortunately, these superpowered kids were anything but normal.

He had not only drawn the attention of the current Red Dragon Emperor, a couple of devils, and the church, but the Tojo Clan princess as well. What the fuck was his luck? Why had they all shown up in the exact same place and at the exact same time as the Barracuda? How was that even possible?

And now, instead of the CIA's slow and calculated response, which he had grown accustomed to, these little shits were on his ass FAR more aggressively than anything he'd seen before. It was like they wanted him dead.

What are these 'political ramifications' you speak of? Can you eat them?

They didn't give a flying fuck about the consequences and were just so utterly hellbent on finding Dwight that it was starting to genuinely frighten him. Because what was he supposed to do? One of them could singlehandedly wipe out the entirety of Hawaii with the same amount of effort it would take to blink. Dwight was strong, yes, but not THAT strong.

Fortunately, considering everything, Dwight did have a backup plan. Two of them, actually.

First, Patient Zero. A half-human, half-dragon male given to him by the Overseer when Dwight had submitted to his will. His blood and flesh were used to create most of the drugs Dwight sold. Patient Zero himself was pumped full of drugs and poisons in an attempt to 'awaken' his dragon blood purely to improve his drugs.

Would he be enough to get rid of those stupid kids? Maybe. That thing was locked up deep below Honolulu for a reason. He was an uncontrollable monster that destroyed anything he set his eyes on. So while there was going to be a lot of collateral, if it meant killing them, then so be it. Better that than dying himself.

Second…

From his desk, Dwight grabbed a small envelope, opened it, and retrieved a tiny vial. Inside, a dark red liquid glowed, radiating energy similar to the drugs used to create the Barracuda. This was a prototype of a new, improved version of that drug. It wasn't ready for mass production yet because, although its effects were much more potent than the original, they were only temporary.

If they somehow did get past Patient Zero— if they somehow found him, then this was his only chance at defeating them. His only chance at survival.

However, this all relied on them being able to reach him. Despite how terrifying they appeared to be, they had no means of actually doing so. So what if they'd found the black market underneath Honolulu, according to some of his Barracuda? Even they should know that getting involved in that would be a stupid idea. Because they'd end up pissing off a lot of people, not just the Overseer.

Dwight sighed deeply, calming his nerves as he took out a bottle of tequila from under his desk. Unless he had overestimated their intelligence. They were just kids, after all. Very powerful, but a bunch of teenagers nonetheless.

He took a swig of the bottle, hissed, and set the bottle aside as he rubbed his temples. Though Dwight knew that a CIA agent was backing them up, it was likely that they were working under him. Therefore, there was no way he'd let them do such a thing—

Before he could even finish that thought, his phone rang, making him raise an eyebrow. A call from his scientist, which made Dwight hopeful. Had he finally figured out a way to make the improved version's effects permanent? That had been a roadblock for nearly a year now. Finally, some progress.

Dwight answered the phone with a smile.

"Y'ello?"

That smile immediately dropped once he heard the panicked and frightened screams coming from the phone.

"SIR, THEY'RE HERE!" His scientist cried out in pure fear. "THEY'RE UNDERGROUND! THEY'RE—!!"

Following that, he heard a struggle, before another, feminine and very smug-sounding voice greeted him.

"Better start saying your prayers, Dwight~" She giggled menacingly. "We're coming for you soon."

And the line was promptly cut, leaving the sweating and frankly terrified Dwight to contemplate his next move.

But there was only one thought going through his head at the moment,

Oh fuck.



Minutes earlier…

– Akane –

"This is the place?" Xenovia questions as we observe District Five from afar.

"Yup," I confirm.

Pretty much the ghetto of Honolulu, blocked off by a massive metal door. The way leading up to the place is also significantly less clean than the rest of the city. A couple of old and dingy houses and cheap bars nearby, likely frequented by the poor and/or criminals. I think it used to be a storage area for cargo or something. I don't know, nor do I care.

"Feels really unfriendly," Irina mutters in clear discomfort.

"So?" I raise an eyebrow. "We're not here for friendly reasons, either."

"Er, no, I mean… Honolulu is so bright and nice and…" Irina glances at the metal door. "This is the complete opposite. I can't believe it's right in the middle of the city."

"There's a lot of this sort of stuff back in Japan, too," Issei says. "As in lots of homeless camps around different cities. Almost never in tourist spots, though. You won't see something like this in Tokyo."

"Can't exactly ruin our perfect image to tourists now, can we?" I respond sarcastically. "But you have a point. It's weird that they're keeping something like this here in broad daylight."

Really, even the entire Barracuda existence just feels off to me, seeing their 'parades'. The existence of underground criminal activity makes sense— that exists literally everywhere in the world, but to be so upfront about it makes me question the Overseer's intelligence. Tourists are good for the economy, and you need a thriving economy for money and power, even as a criminal.

Keeping the unsightly homeless around and letting idiot criminals run the city that way would deter tourists, because if I were a regular human who'd die to bullets or knives, I wouldn't go to places rampant with crimes and/or homeless people. That's just the truth of it. Maybe it's different in other realms, but that's how the human world works.

…Though, to be fair, I've never really heard of the Barracuda before coming here, and I did some research a few days prior. Either these parades are new, or the Overseer has something or someone hiding this sort of information online.

"We can talk about it later, though," I add, leading them toward the homeless encampment. "Come on. Let's get this over with."

"How are we going to get inside?" Irina questions as we stop right in front of the giant metal door. "I'm pretty sure it's locked. From above, maybe?"

I glance at her and smirk.

"Or I can just do this." I raise my leg.

And casually kick the door wide open, nearly off its hinges. Irina, Issei, and Xenovia all flinch in surprise, none of them expecting an approach this direct, certainly not openly in the human world. But I've already made sure that there's no one to see this, and every camera around was already mysteriously disabled via extremely sharp and tiny ice knives formed by an even more mysterious phenomenon that I definitely had nothing to do with.

Although some may have heard the door opening so violently, no one actually saw it. Except for the homeless people inside, frozen in fear, but who would believe a couple of lunatics anyway? Nobody would care about what they have to say.

"So much for a stealthy approach…" Issei mutters in mild exasperation.

"We're raiding the place," I reply, hands on my hips as I walk inside. "Not scouting. We're here to beat people up and take their shit. Think of it as a dungeon."

"Ooh, when you put it that way…" Irina seems more on board all of a sudden.

"I don't know what you mean by dungeon—" Xenovia grins, cracking her knuckles. "But I'm a fan of this approach."

In the middle of our conversation, as the weak homeless hide in their tents, several of the Barracuda come out. All of them armed to the teeth with guns, none of them having the balls to wield any sort of melee weapons, knowing they're going to get their teeth kicked in if they get close.

Unfortunately for them, that's going to happen regardless.

They start shooting us indiscriminately, and while Irina, Xenovia, and Issei either dodge or deflect their bullets, I don't bother. Each bullet simply bounces off me, feeling like a light pinch and not even leaving a mark behind. They're definitely enchanted and might be dangerous to someone mid-class or below, but they're nowhere near the level it would take to damage me.

Seriously, my HP isn't moving. Not even by one point. I'm not even sure why my party is trying to avoid it. All of them are high-class level.

As all the Barracuda focus fire on me, I casually walk toward the closest one, grab his assault rifle by the muzzle, and simply twist it off like it's made out of plastic. He screams in a mixture of fear and surprise as he falls on his rear before I kick him in the face, knocking him out instantly.

A simple act that intimidates the rest of the Barracuda, prompting my party to attack. None of them has drawn their weapons or activated their sacred gears; instead, they use their fists for non-lethal force and to conserve their energy. Otherwise, we would be going pretty overboard.

Typically, I wouldn't care. I mean, I'd prefer if we could just slaughter all of them, but, y'know, I'm supposed to be the good guy here.

Seconds after the battle begins, it ends, with the Barracuda all lying on the ground unconscious. It took barely any effort on our part, little enough that I'm seriously starting to think we're not going to find anything dangerous here. Hopefully, I'm proven wrong by whatever the hell Patient Zero is, because powerful opponents equal EXP.

Though flexing my strength on the small fry is nice too~

"Is this it…?" Xenovia mumbles with a disappointed tone. "I hope not."

"Where to next?" Irina asks.

"There." I point at a door near the corner of the encampment. "That should lead us underground. Come on, let's not waste any time."

I lead the party through the door, which opens to a long corridor with a staircase leading down to the military tunnels Koneko talked about after she scouted out the place. As we casually stroll through these tunnels for lack of a better word, more and more Barracuda gangsters try to stop us, not yet understanding that guns can't do shit to us.

Some are brave, though, attacking with machetes and barbed bats, but with low and mid-class levels of strength, they couldn't damage me in my sleep. So unsurprisingly, we mow them all down without exerting any effort until we reach the laboratory.

I kick the door open and spot the scientist Koneko mentioned, fleeing out of the laboratory as he screams at his phone. I grin widely and chase after him, going ahead of the rest of the party.

"SIR, THEY'RE HERE! THEY'RE UNDERGROUND! THEY'RE—!!"

Seeing my ticket to Dwight and Patient Zero trying to escape, I stay on his tail, running through the tunnels until I tackle him through a double-door. I'm almost blinded by the neon lights of the underground market, but I don't let it bother me too much. With my foot on the scientist's chest pinning him down, I quickly snatch the phone away from him. He looks at me in terror as I hover the phone next to my ear, smirking at him the entire time.

"Better start saying your prayers, Dwight~ We're coming for you soon."

I end the call and send the phone to my inventory and then kick the scientist away, but make sure NOT to knock him out. I need him up and awake, because odds are he releases Patient Zero. And so, he scrambles away and escapes.

Then I raise my head to see the look of shock on dozens, if not hundreds, of masked individuals looking at me. Koneko was right— all flavors of the supernatural were present. Devils, Dwarves, Orcs, and even beast-like people like Nagas and Centaurs. Powers ranging from low to high-class. A buffet of races from across all pantheons.

I'm almost salivating~

"Well, well, look what we have here~" I address them all. "An illegal trafficking ring? Right underneath Honolulu? Tsk, tsk. We can't have that, can we?"

Most of them recognize me— I can tell without even using Observe.

"With my authority as an emissary of the Tojo Clan and a temporary associate of the CIA, you're all under arrest for illegal conduct. Now, we can do this the easy way, where you take off your masks and get on the ground…" I offer, just in time as the rest of my party arrives. "Or, we can do this the hard way, and we know how that's gonna turn out."

I create a blade of ice in my right hand and point it at them with a smirk.

"Please pick the hard way~"

My magical aura engulfs the underground market, making some of the convicts-to-be, unfortunately, drop their masks and choose not to face me in battle. Thankfully, some try to run away, while others prepare for a fight. The signal I need to start snacking on some souls~

"Akane, the scientist—" Xenovia starts.

"It's fine. Let him go." I cut her off. I already have his phone. "We got what we came here for."

The blue idiot looks suspicious for a moment before dropping the subject, drawing Durandal, and charging forward. She's met with resistance, and this time by foes whom she can't easily shrug off, so Irina and Issei immediately rush to help her. The mall immediately turns into a warzone— blasts of magic flying everywhere as dozens of relatively strong adversaries gang up on us.

Might sound bad, but honestly? Well, acknowledging my opponents' power aside, I'm too strong to be threatened by them. Though I don't want my allies to be overwhelmed, so with a flick of my wrist, I create several Ice Knights to help them out. That should even the playing field a bit. Besides, more chaos means I can easily hide what I'm about to do.

With them too busy, I turn my head to one of the stronger criminals— A Fallen Angel, who flinches at my gaze. He prepares a spear of light, clicking his tongue in frustration and fear. In response, I casually walk toward him with a smirk.

"You know, it still bothers me that I couldn't have Kokabiel's soul," I tell him. "Really. Every time I think about it, I feel like punching something. I was so damn close. I had it in my hands— I was right there."

"W-what?" His eyes widen, taking a step back.

My smirk widens as the power of the Devour skill surges into my left arm. Pale skin turns pitch-black as my hand transforms into sharp claws. The Fallen Angel stares at it with abject horror, almost as if he knows what's going to happen.

"I'm saying I'm very curious what you crows taste like," I say. "So curious that it's starting to itch."

I dash toward him faster than he can react, thrusting my hand through his heart and gripping his very soul.

"You'll help me out with that, won't you?"



– Scientist –

Somehow, he had gotten away. He didn't know how or why the girl had just casually let him leave like this, but honestly, he wasn't going to question it. She probably thought he wasn't a threat to her, and yeah, that was true. He was a regular-ass human who'd gotten dragged into this mess because some dickhead crimelord had decided to blackmail him once upon a time. What the fuck was he supposed to do about these superpowered dipshits?

However, he had to admit that getting the opportunity to work on projects like this was pretty awesome. Eric was a man of science, and like any scientist, he enjoyed experimenting with various phenomena, more so when he'd discovered the existence of the supernatural. A world he'd never even imagined was a thing.

Still sucked that he had to work for that asshole of a boss, though. Not only was he so needlessly demanding, but he lacked patience. This sort of work required a ton of time, especially seeing how Eric was inexperienced with these new elements. Making meth and cocaine was easy as fuck — relatively speaking — but drugs that gave people superpowers?

…Though now he had encountered those terrifying teenagers, he knew exactly why Dwight had been rushing him so much.

Eric stumbled his way to Patient Zero's enclosure, having gone around the entire series of tunnels from the other side of the underground mall. It had been a long trek to get here. He panted, gasped, and nearly blacked out from exhaustion from having to run all the way, but as he heard the raging battle, he knew this didn't compare to the pain he'd feel if that one-eyed freak caught him again.

He scrambled for the keys, unlocked the door, and rushed toward the staircase down inside. Eric flinched as he felt the ground shake, but pushed on regardless, knowing it was either this or prison for the rest of his life.

…Frankly, that wasn't the worst of it, even. That girl who'd pinned him down seemed outright psychotic. She looked like she was going to enjoy killing him and make it as slow as she could.

As he approached Patient Zero's dark cell, the monster growled in a mix of anger and fear. Glowing, fiery eyes glimmered in the shadows, making Eric hesitate for a moment. The monster did seem docile whenever he was around, likely out of terror, but there's no telling what would happen if he let it go.

…And as much as he feared the monster killing him, he also felt pretty bad for it. It was in a constant state of agony, its body breaking down and regenerating over and over. It was a miracle that there was still intelligence in its eyes.

The ground shook again, prompting him to make his decision.

"Fuck it…" He cursed under his breath, slowly unlocking the cell door, which promptly disabled all the reinforcement magic that was preventing the beast from escaping. "Go. You're free."

In an instant, the beast rammed through the cell with a roar, sending the scientist flying away. Patient Zero stood before him, a giant mass of flesh and bones growing out of his back and head. He constantly twitched and frothed at the mouth, barely holding onto his sanity.

"K-kill…. Y-you…" It growled at the scientist, whose back was against the wall.

"Y-you do that, and you'll stay like this forever." Eric quickly said. "Help me, and I promise I'll fix you up."

Patient Zero froze, expression turning into one of sorrow as he looked at its deformed arm. Sorrow quickly returned to fury as it got closer to the scientist. Eric's eyes widened once the monster cocked its arm back, preparing to smush him like a bug

"D-don't… C-care…" He snarled. "D-d-die…!"

Eric uselessly put his arms in front of him in a futile attempt to defend himself before Patient Zero suddenly stopped right before its fist hit him. It froze, eyes widening in shock as it looked up, distracted by something.

…Then, with a roar, it promptly smashed through the ceiling, rushing toward the underground market.

A few moments passed, and Eric, now realising he wasn't dead, exhaled deeply. If he got out of this alive, he was going to quit.

Fuck this stupid bullshit.

Akane being so needlessly edgy is one of the funnest parts to write
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Steele/Mili, Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot and 42 others
Mirlnir
Jan 24, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 72: Market Raid New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Feb 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,069
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Akane –

I don't really get opportunities like this that often. Naturally, considering how 'unethical' the Devour skill actually is. To steal the essence of someone else, denying them reincarnation and an afterlife— such a fate should only be reserved for the scum of the earth. The worst of the worst criminals in the world.

But as I've already established a million times before, I frankly don't care what happens to those who oppose me. Why should I spare empathy for anyone, much less my enemies? It's nothing more than a ridiculous idea. Proof that compassion is a weakness and a leash that exists to stop you from reaching your true potential.

Had it really been in my power, I would have thrown away that weakness and become the strongest and best possible version of me. And what I'm saying isn't just metaphorical— I have actual, physical proof in the form of the Devour skill. Because really, what would they think of me if they saw me going around eating souls? They could barely stomach killing others in self-defense. It's senseless. Illogical. Utterly idiotic.

They are, first and foremost, still bound by human emotions, not logic, and unfortunately, I'm no different. I, of course, hold no remorse or regret for the terrible things I've done and will do in the future, despite full awareness. No, what truly holds me back is something else. Something arguably more illogical.

The fear of rejection by those I deem my confidants, the hesitation that I might just disappoint them if I do the wrong thing. It's nothing more than an ever-tightening noose around my neck. It's all so pitiful and pathetic, and each time I think about what I could do without these feelings, I feel nothing but overwhelming fury.

It's a hard limit that I can never break through until I find the strength to reject or break them first.

At the same time, though, it gives me these rare moments of freedom, when I can do whatever I desire— It's an indescribable taste that I just can't seem to get enough of. It's exciting, in a way. One tiny mistake can ruin it all. My friends, relationships, and position as a powerful political figure. All of it is practically hanging on a thread, supported by nothing but my own excellence.

And a small part of me hopes that said excellence fails me. It dreams of a day I make that mistake, because despite the pain that'll come with rejection, only then will I truly be free. Alas, my human side will never allow it. Not until I'm sure I won't lose anything from it.

I slice the arm off an incoming devil, thrusting my devouring claw through his chest.

"Love truly is nothing more than poison," I whisper at the dying devil with a smile, pulling his soul out of his body. "Don't you agree?"

As he falls over dead, I crush the soul in my hand and absorb its essence, increasing my stats further and making me shudder. This feeling is just so wonderful. This… buffet is everything I hoped it would be.

Slightly distracted by the indescribable feeling of feeding my own soul, I'm hit in the shoulder by a powerful blast of magic, making me stumble forward. I turn around and grin widely at the assailant, making them flinch. But what makes this all the more incredible to me is— What makes it so much sweeter…

"T-that was his soul… And you… You…" A yokai mumbles, walking backward. "You're a monster!"

…Is the overwhelming fear I strike into their hearts.

"Am I?" I giggle, twirling my sword and walking toward her. "Does it matter to you what happens to him? He's dead all the same, and you won't live long enough to grieve."

Her jaw clenches as her legs tremble, aiming both arms at me as magic gathers in her hands. I'm not worried, however, even as two more allies join her. A fallen angel and a vampire, casting their own spells and bombarding me with magic. Their powers are nothing to scoff at, with high-class strength that scratches the ceiling of ultimate.

I do not bother to dodge or defend myself in any way, simply walking into their attacks as a large cloud of dust and smoke covers the area. And as a relatively fragile human, even with my Satan-class power output, their attacks still hurt somewhat.

As they stop their onslaught of spells, I dash forward toward the yokai girl, piercing her chest with my blackened claws. She gasps in surprise, and as the vampire tries to help her, an ice sword flies out of the cloud and stabs him in the throat. The fallen angel, surprised by how quickly this is all going, panics and tries to cast another light spell before ice chains form around my arm and slither toward his leg faster than he can do anything, wrapping around it and slamming him into the ground.

My smirk widens as I take the girl's soul and crush it before her eyes, killing her instantly while my HP, MP, and SP go back to 100%.

Why worry about how much damage I might suffer when I can just heal right back up?

I pull the fallen angel with the chains, who panics harder and starts to scream, throwing more spells in hopes of saving himself. But nothing can save him. His life was forfeit the moment he saw me devouring the souls of his allies. Even if nobody would believe the words of a random convict over mine, even a rumor could pose a danger to me.

As a blade of light grazes my arm, shoulder, and even neck, my grin widens, and I pull the chains closer. Once he's close enough, I steal his soul as well, letting his empty corpse drop to the ground. I crush it, making all the wounds I've just suffered disappear in an instant.

"Hah…" A quiet moan leaves my mouth. "It's just too good~"

"Behind you, Akane," Lucifer warns.

"I know, I know~"

I casually side-step from a lethal attack, a blood spear aimed at my back, then turn around at the vampire, who has already regenerated, with a confident smile. He charges at me and swings a blade at my neck, but I effortlessly catch it with my hand before casually breaking it. Before he can recover and counterattack in any way, I wave my hand and turn him into an ice statue with a wave of frost before tearing his soul out of his body, taking his powers for myself.

This is everything I could've hoped for~

I bring up my stat page, unable to contain my laughter at what I'm seeing.

Name - Akane Amamiya

Level - 284

Title - Diligent Student

Primary Class - Juggernaut - LVL 84/100 [4%]

Secondary Class - Illusionist - LVL 71/100 [12%]

Race - Human

Rank - Mortal

Alignment - Neutral Evil

HP - 169,820 [19,408 per minute]

MP - 153,000 [56,532 per minute]

SP - 169,820 [19,408 per minute]

STR - 5551

END - 4852

DEX - 4361

INT - 5126

WIS - 4711

CHA - 3521

LUK – 2201

Over 1700ish points distributed across seven stats might not be much in the grand scheme of things, but it's still a marginal boost in power. My intelligence stat finally broke through the 5k mark, and while I didn't get a perk for it, that's still a huge milestone regardless, seeing how strong my magic already is.

I guess that settles it— I'm officially Satan-class. Not just in power output, but in everything. Speed, physical strength, etc. This isn't counting the new skills I got, like Light and Blood magic control, as well as a few perks that increased my HP, MP, and SP. Best of all, my Devour skill went up a level, and now I can steal more stats from my victims.

This feeling really is just the best~

And to think that my 'friends' are just right around the corner, that a single misstep would've exposed me to them. This was risky— EXTREMELY risky, but I just had to do it. Not only was I unwilling to waste this golden opportunity, but I just couldn't ignore it anymore. Those whispers in the back of my mind. My own soul demands to be fed. It had to be satiated.

I'm powerful enough to control these urges, but I can't deny that it gets more difficult every single day. I don't see myself ever losing control, of course. I'm too strong for that. And I'm sure if I ignore it long enough, it'll disappear on its own, but why should I do that when it benefits me to indulge?

Moreover, those idiots are too distracted by their own battles. They're too far away on the other side of the mall to really see what's going on here. They couldn't know what I've been doing, and anyone who saw me using Devour has already been devoured.

This was a free buffet. I barely had to try, and my power went up significantly.

Seeing me standing still in a semi-zen state, Lucifer speaks.

"Satisfied already, darling?"

I exhale and glance at him with an ever-present smirk.

"Satisfied? Please, Lucy. I'm a big girl. I need more than a couple of peanuts to feel satisfied." I reply playfully. "Then again, I also have to watch my figure. I can't indulge too much."

Lucifer chuckles.

"I suppose so. Too much could upset the stomach." He plays along, a hand on his chin as he sees my handiwork. i.e., the many corpses littering the floor. Of course, I made sure to desecrate them in very 'artistic' ways so the people cleaning up don't ask questions. "I must say this has been rather entertaining to watch. Reminds me of my old battles back when I was still alive. To stain the walls with the blood of my enemies, countless broken corpses lying beneath my feet. Ah, those were the days."

"I bet. I would've gone even harder if there wasn't a risk of being found out." I snicker. "But I'll settle with my peanuts for now."

I bring my devour-infused hand up and stare it with a satisfied look. I've noticed that it becomes more… evil-looking the more I level up the skill. Initially, it looked like my regular hand, but just as dark as the void. At level two, the hand became sharp claws. And now, the nails have become even sharper and longer, making it ever so slightly easier to rip out someone's soul.

And I gotta say, I like the aesthetic. It looks edgy. Threatening. Fits with the whole evil villain I'm planning to be. I wonder what it'll look like at max level.

Suddenly, the ground begins to shake, and I sense a relatively powerful energy signature approaching fast. A loud explosion followed by a noisy roar that echoes out in the mall, making me raise an eyebrow.

Wherever it is, it's attacking Xenovia and the rest. I'm guessing that's Patient Zero? Huh. It sort of feels like Ichi whenever he uses his Balance Breaker. I think that's what draconic energy is.

"And this must be that beast." Lucifer hums. "Hardly a challenge for you. How disappointing."

"I hoped I'd be surprised, but I wasn't counting on it being anything too powerful," I shrug, disabling the Devour skill as my hand returns to normal. "I'm just happy it's finally showing itself. About damn time."

I highly doubt I'll be able to devour it, but oh well. I think I've had enough souls.

As I'm about to go help them out, I pause as I accidentally hit something with my foot while walking, prompting me to look down at a small health potion. Then again, I was too busy devouring souls that I hadn't had a chance to loot anything…

…

I pick up the potion, grin, and look around for more stuff to take.

I'm sure they can handle themselves for a few minutes~




– Xenovia –

Deflecting an incoming fireball with Durandal, Xenovia charged forth toward her opponent— a dark elf, from the looks of it, who struggled to keep up with her. He cast more and more spells, trying to back away from the exorcist, but to no avail. She was faster, and with her holy blade, there was nothing she couldn't cut down.

Xenovia thrust her blade at the elf, who had backed away and avoided her strike by mere inches. She smirked, however, as Durandal suddenly shot a powerful blast of holy magic, piercing his chest and killing him almost instantly. The exorcist lowered her blade, observing the battlefield for a few moments.

Understandably, it was quite chaotic as waves of magic from numerous spellcasters coursed through the area, completely wrecking the black market. Xenovia guessed it had only been a few minutes, yet the place appeared entirely different. What had once been a neatly-arranged underground mall had turned into a scene of crumbling floors, with debris and rubble scattered in every direction.

Good. She thought.

Beyond the more pressing matters of finding Dwight's whereabouts, this was nothing more than cleanup duty, after all. These people were evildoers and deserved jail time for their crimes, and if they weren't willing to give up, then force would be used. And frankly, Xenovia couldn't care less if they had to be felled. Most of them were heretics, anyway.

Sensing an incoming attack, she twirled around and blocked the powerful swing of a mace from an ogre. Despite the green-skinned beast's much larger size, Xenovia quickly managed to overpower him, redirecting his mace to the side before slicing his belly open. Another heretic quickly attacked, this time a Lamia, hoping to catch her off-guard with her poison spit.

But Xenovia was no fool and avoided the monster's spell, charging toward her with far superior speed before effortlessly beheading the snake-like beast. Just then, two more heretics attacked the exorcist: a devil and a human magician.

And unlike many of the weaklings here, those two showed considerable strength as they managed to push back Xenovia. They didn't quite overwhelm her, but admittedly, being bombarded with many powerful elemental spells had her struggling. From weighty rock spears to sharp and precise ice blades, the exorcist gritted her teeth, suffering several scratches and bruises on her thighs, chest, and face.

Xenovia concentrated, sharpening her senses as she remained on the defensive. She blocked and deflected the various spells, finding a proper rhythm before starting her counter-attack. Even as they pushed her against the wall, she did not let it rattle her in any way and continued her focus until finally charging forward after getting used to their attacks.

With impressive adaptability, Xenovia turned the tables on her foes, targeting the devil first and slicing through every single spell he threw at her. From flaming javelins to demonic blasts, nothing stood a chance against the holy light of Durandal, dispersing the moment the spells made contact with it.

She weaved in between projectiles, keeping the human magician in her line of sight as she closed the distance with the devil, who had started to panic. As he tried to fly away, however, a pale blue line shot toward him and stabbed him in the side, stopping him in his tracks and giving Xenovia the opportunity to land a finishing blow.

At the same time, the human magician tried to stop her by throwing a massive fireball at her, which was thankfully stopped by Irina, who reflected it with an enlarged Excalibur Mimic, letting Xenovia cut down the devil with a single swing. The holy power immediately spread through his body, turning the two halves into ashes in mere moments.

Given a moment of respite, she sighed.

"Thank you," She said, looking at Issei.

He was looking worse for wear— bruises and wounds on his face, arms, and torso. They were minor injuries, however. He still looked able to continue fighting.

"No worries. I got your back." He threw her a thumbs-up.

"Not that I'm keeling over or anything any time soon—" Irina breathed, regrouping with them. "But I'm starting to feel tired."

"Yeah." Issei exhaled. "This is a lot harder than I thought it was gonna be."

Admittedly, Xenovia agreed. She could still fight for far longer and was used to much harsher training, but exhaustion could lead to mistakes, and one mistake could lead to death. And these criminals varied in strength, Xenovia noticed. Some were weak, some were quite formidable. All of those ice soldiers Akane had created were already destroyed, leaving the three to fend for themselves.

Speaking of—

"Where is Akane, anyway?" Irina asked, sharing her thoughts. "You'd think she would be here fighting with us, seeing how she wanted to be the leader."

Xenovia narrowed her eyes. For some reason, seconds after the battle began, the yakuza princess had suddenly disappeared and left them here to fight alone. Now, she wasn't saying Akane had run away— the girl looked way too arrogant to let something like this intimidate her. But it was strange how there hasn't been a trace of her since.

And with someone of her level of power, it was weirder that they couldn't even sense her. Yes, there was a lot of magic here messing with their sensory abilities, but she was bound to use a few spells that they'd be able to feel, right? Seriously, where had she gone, and what the hell was she doing?

"Maybe she found that Patient Zero thing?" Issei offered.

"Maybe." Irina hummed. "But then we'd know, right? If it's as strong as we're led to believe…"

"Regardless," Xenovia tightened her grip on Durandal as more enemies approached them. "Wherever she might be, Akane can take care of herself. Let's focus on—"

The blue-haired exorcist was quickly interrupted as the ground shook violently, nearly causing her and her allies to stumble and fall. Even their enemies paused their charge, curious and confused by whatever this was. Xenovia's frown deepened as she felt something coming from below, prompting her to grab Issei and Irina by their collars and leap away.

A sinkhole formed where they stood as a large… something smashed through, sending debris flying everywhere. Xenovia froze, her eyes widening in horror at what she saw. It was a half-naked horned man, with glowing slitted eyes and sharp teeth, attached to what looked like a giant, pulsating tumor.

"W-what the fuck is that?!" Issei cried out in horror.

The monster let out a roar, as its fleshy, vein-like, clawed tentacles lashed out at everything nearby, be it them or the criminals. It did not care who it hit, consumed by a monstrous urge to destroy everything in its path. But despite how powerful this thing was, Xenovia remained steadfast, deflecting one of the incoming tentacles with Durandal before backing away.

The criminals redirected their magic at the beast, showering it with a multitude of spells ranging from fire, light, ice, and wind. Blood and pus sprayed everywhere as it was wounded; however, it wasn't so easily slain as it responded in kind, its fleshy tentacles effortlessly tearing through some of the criminals like they were nothing but wet paper.

Moreover, all the injuries it suffered quickly healed, the tumor rapidly mending itself before their very eyes. It was a disgusting scene, Xenovia thought, but disgust wasn't going to keep her from doing the right thing and putting… whatever this monster was down.

The criminals had quickly realized that they stood no chance and promptly dispersed, running for their lives. This made the beast turn toward them, growling in anger and rage. Xenovia refused to run, and after taking a deep breath, she regripped her holy blade.

"Issei, Irina! With me!" She said, running toward it.

Although they hesitated, her two allies did not disappoint and charged forward with her. The beast roared, unleashing more of its tentacles toward them, but they were prepared, deflecting, blocking, or dodging its attacks. Despite its strength, these limbs were fragile, being easily cut apart by Excalibur and Durandal. Issei, on the other hand, used his Absorption Lines to limit the beast's movement, giving them a window to strike back.

Contrary to how it acted, the beast wasn't stupid and tried to keep its distance as countless tentacles shot toward them. Issei grunted as one of them slashed his leg, and Irina cried out in surprise. Another wrapped around her arm and tried to throw her away before Xenovia came to her friend's rescue, cleanly slicing through the weak flesh.

The speed was nothing to scoff at. Even she was struggling to defend herself as dozens— no, hundreds of tentacles shot toward her. Xenovia suffered more and more injuries as she tried to close the distance to a point where it began to affect her performance, and she eventually began to slow down. But she remained strong, letting out a battle cry before unleashing a wave of Durandal's holy power, taking out many of its tentacles at once.

The beast tried to get away, but with a cumbersome tumor and clumsy movement, as opposed to their decent teamwork and agility, they eventually caught up to it. Issei pierced its chest with an Absorption Line, and Irina swung her Excalibur upward, increasing its size several times over and nearly slicing the tumor in half. Xenovia, on the other hand, slashed its left arm right off as it tried to uselessly shield itself.

Xenovia glared at the beast, but now that they were close to it, she saw something she didn't expect. Beyond its mutilated body and the disgusting tumor it carried, tears ran down the beast's eyes as it looked at her pleadingly. For a moment, the blue-haired exorcist thought it was her imagination and decided to simply take its head off with a single swing of Durandal.

But then it spoke.

"H-help… Me…"

Xenovia hesitated, which gave the beast an opportunity as it smacked all three of them away with a newly created tentacle that looked much thicker than the rest. Xenovia, Irina, and Issei were all sent smashing into one of the few remaining marble pillars, causing more of the second floor to collapse onto the first one.

She coughed and hacked, pushing the debris off her and her friends before standing back up. Issei and Irina did so as well, getting into combat stances as the beast healed from all the damage they managed to inflict upon it.

Whatever that was just now… Xenovia huffed. It wasn't trying to trick me.

It truly needed help. But from what? Itself? That's what it felt like to Xenovia. Could this… 'Patient Zero' monster have been an unwilling test subject for these heretical criminals? But what for? What could it have that they'd need to do… this to it? To him?

If we can try to help him somehow…

"Ow…" Issei groaned, holding his arm in pain. "Damn it…"

"Are you okay?" Irina asked.

"Yeah, I think so." He replied with a nod as he kept staring at the beast. "Just what the hell is that thing?"

"I don't know. I've never seen anything like it before." Irina said. "Maybe this thing is Patient Zero?"

"Whatever it is, we gotta put it down before it causes the surface to collapse."

Xenovia admittedly hesitated, her expression turning into one of discomfort. She wanted to help him— she truly did, but Issei was right. But there was no guarantee they'd be able to in the first place, and with how powerful this poor thing was, it was a risk too great to take.

Damn it… She growled. To be an unwilling subject for someone's sick agendas is no sin. Why must one suffer like this?

The bastards who did this deserve to be sent to the deepest parts of hell.

Stumbling around, Patient Zero let out another roar, this time of anger and pain as he created more and more tentacles. But unlike those with a sharp, claw-like end, these ones glowed a fiery color at the tip.

"W-what the hell is it doing now—!" Irina started, and her eyes widened.

The glowing tips formed into powerful spheres of draconic energy before shooting toward them in a beam-like shape, at a much faster velocity than any of the other tentacles.

"Watch out!" Irina cried out as she quickly got in front of the two, enlarging the flat surface of her Excalibur and using it as a shield.

But her partner was quickly overwhelmed and was forced to let go of Excalibur Mimic, allowing the beast to land a finishing blow. Xenovia gripped Durandal and tried to deflect these beams, but there were too many of them, and as one of the beams soared toward Irina's heart, Issei pushed her away, taking the attack for her. Although it hadn't hit his heart, it still pierced his shoulder and left a large, smouldering hole, rendering him unconscious.

"ISSEI!" Irina screamed in horror.

"No! Damn it!" She hissed. "Irina, get him out of here and call for backup! Go!"

On the verge of panicking, Irina was immediately shaken out of her stupor by Xenovia's orders. As the grotesque monster charged several more of these beams, the blue-haired exorcist dropped Durandal and picked up Excalibur Mimic, doing what her partner had tried to do and blocking the beams with the sword's wide, flat surface.

"Now!" Xenovia urged.

Irina, with the unconscious Issei on her back, nodded and tried to run away, with Xenovia making sure to defend her partner with every fiber of her being. However, her eyes widened in horror as the titanic beast suddenly charged toward them, destroying whatever remained of the stores that stood in its path.

With the beams of draconic energy keeping pressure on her, Xenovia had no way of defending herself or her allies. All she could do now was pray, hoping that any of their other allies had sensed or heard the commotion and were on their way to help.

And thankfully, her prayers have been answered in the form of a gigantic ice pillar smashing into the beast and pushing it to the other side of the mall, causing the entire underground to shake. Fortunately, this seemingly forced the beast to stop the continuous stream of magical beams, and Xenovia's strained arms and hands made her drop Excalibur Mimic to the ground with a grunt.

She turned her head around and saw the yakuza princess casually walking toward them, and although her outfit looked worse for wear with a few cuts and tears, Akane herself seemed completely unharmed.

"I look away for a couple of minutes, and you're already buckling." She said with a mocking tone, and whether she was dead serious or only teasing, Xenovia wasn't sure. "It's pathetic. You people seriously can't do anything without me."

"Where the hell were you?" Xenovia questioned seriously, in no mood to joke around. "Issei's hurt. Badly."

"He'll be fine." Akane rolled her eyes as what looked like a potion appeared in her hand out of nowhere before she gave it to Irina. "Here. Found this lying around in one of the stores."

"Oh." Irina sighed in relief. "Thank you so much."

Akane stared at the exorcist with a raised eyebrow as she helped Issei drink from the potion.

"What, no mouth-to-mouth?" She snorted. "And here I thought you liked him for some reason."

"Huh?!" Irina's face went bright red. "U-um, well— I just—"

Xenovia found this scene to be very gross for whatever reason, so she was quite thankful that the beast decided now was the best time to interrupt them, throwing the ice pillar aside and casting several more draconic beams at them.

With a casual wave of her hand, Akane created a massive wall of ice that easily blocked the beast's attack. Then, with a snap of her fingers, the wall shattered into thousands of sharp ice shards before being flung into Patient Zero's direction, tearing it apart.

But Xenovia knew that this wasn't enough.

"I'm just teasing you~" Akane giggled. "Go on, get out of here. I'll handle this."

"R-right." Irina nodded, and with Issei on her back, she ran off. "Thank you so much, Akane!"

Once she left the two alone, Xenovia grabbed both Durandal and Excalibur Mimic, and as the beast quickly regenerated, Akane hummed in mild fascination.

"First time I ever fought someone with super regeneration." She said, smirking widely. "Wonder if it can outheal my DPS~"

Xenovia had no idea what 'DPS' meant, but she ignored it in favor of telling Akane what she knew.

"Akane, this Patient Zero—" She started, making Akane glance at her. "He needs our help."

"Hmm?" Akane raised an eyebrow.

Xenovia, Irina, and Issei may not be strong enough to take the risk, but Akane was far beyond them in strength, even combined. She could help him.

"He's lashing out because he's in pain. In a constant state of suffering." Xenovia explained. "He's not willingly trying to hurt anyone, so if you can—"

"I got it, I got it," Akane smirked, creating an ice sword before walking towards it. "I'll put it out of its misery."

"What? No, that's not what I'm trying to say!" Xenovia protested, but she was swiftly ignored as the beast attacked once more.

This time, a combination of energy blasts and tentacle claws shot toward the yakuza princesses, who effortlessly deflected everything with her sword. Not a single attack made it past her seemingly impenetrable defenses as Akane continued her advance toward the beast.

"God, you're so ugly." She said. "You deserve to be put down for daring to curse my eyes with your repulsive form."

"Akane, stop!" Xenovia said.

"Be quiet," Akane replied, glaring at her. Even without looking, she easily deflected everything coming her way. "I beat you in our duel, so you'll listen to everything I say. That's what we agreed on."

It was quickly becoming very clear that Akane had no intention of helping the poor man.

"If you're going to kill him, then at least make it quick," Xenovia growled.

"I told you to shut the fuck up. Can't you understand basic orders?" Akane responded, this time a lot more aggressively. "Now to do this world a favor…"

Xenovia gritted her teeth, but she did remain silent as Akane returned her focus to the beast.

Realizing he was severely outmatched, the monster roared and released hundreds more tentacles, each easily countered by Akane's ice sword and magic. It had gotten to a point where the monster started to back away from her, almost in fear.

Eventually, as Akane deflected one of the tentacle claws, it quickly recovered and wrapped around her arm. But the yakuza princess didn't even budge as the monster failed to throw her away.

"And here I thought you'd be a challenge."

Akane firmly grabbed the tentacle around her arm and swung the massive monster around, smashing it into the walls before yanking off the tentacle, letting it drop to the floor.

"Guess I was worried for nothing."

This battle was very quickly turning one-sided, and Xenovia knew that there was no saving that monster now. With Akane seemingly uninterested in helping it despite her words, all that was left for it was death.

And something told Xenovia it wouldn't be a quick one.





– Raynare –

For someone of her caliber, it was only expected that she'd be relegated to the less… direct missions. Things like scouting or undercover spying were more Raynare's forte, unlike, say, a real combatant or soldier. She was, after all, very weak compared to most of her colleagues back in the Grigori. Nothing more than fodder.

And she was okay with that. She didn't particularly care about gaining power and was hoping that one day she'd be given less dangerous responsibilities. Maybe a desk job or something. She may not be able to throw the most powerful light spears in the world, but she was pretty good with paperwork.

Unfortunately, Raynare was born unlucky, and with her lacking any real talent or power, she was very easy to intimidate, so when that asshole Kokabiel used her and a couple of others for his idiotic, warmongering plans, she couldn't do anything to stop him. She couldn't tell Lord Azazel or anyone else for fear of being killed.

Raynare was afraid of dying, naturally, and while what was waiting for her was reincarnation, she didn't hate herself enough to accept death so soon. She was too young to die. Still 134 years old, damn it. That's barely a young adult in fallen angel years.

But now there was no need to worry about that bastard anymore. She had been rescued, given an extended vacation in one of the most luxurious places in the human world, and left to her own devices, all her expenses taken care of by the Grigori. All because of the yakuza princess who had shown her mercy when she frankly hadn't deserved it.

The same couldn't be said for the other fallen angels, but they had been avenged by Akane, hadn't they? Yes, she was the one who'd actually killed them, but they weren't even supposed to be in Kuoh in the first place. Kokabiel had set them up for death when he'd provoked the yakuza. What choice had she had?

It was still mind-boggling to think about. Just how this young woman had suddenly found the strength to defeat someone like Kokabiel, even though she used to struggle to fight a couple of low-class combatants. Without a Sacred Gear or anything, somehow she was able to go toe-to-toe with and defeat a cadre, then proceed to kill one of the Old Satans' leaders.

And to think it only took her a few months to reach this level of power from a regular human. Raynare found it amazing. She thought Akane was incredible and was very much enchanted by both her power and achievements. She wasn't just a human— she was something more than that. Something better. Something for Raynare to idolize.

Raynare had gone from looking down on the yakuza princess to thinking she was the most remarkable living being that had graced this universe. She had everything, from strength to talent to charisma to near peerless beauty, and that was something Raynare idolized. She was infatuated with Akane, becoming her biggest fan.

Getting this chance to meet Akane again was like a dream come true. She almost couldn't believe her eyes when she saw the yakuza princess randomly walking around Honolulu, and she was ecstatic when her idol said that she'd put her grievances with Raynare behind her— letting bygones be bygones, as she'd said. That meant Akane didn't hate her, and that made Raynare hope to use this whole situation with the Overseer to get closer to her. Maybe they could even become friends?

Even the thought made it hard not to squeal in excitement. Being friends with her— what an honor! But did someone like low-class Raynare even deserve to be around someone as incredible as Akane, much less be her friend? Raynare didn't know, but that didn't mean she wasn't going to help her when asked.

Yes. You heard that right. The Akane Amamiya had asked Raynare for help. She couldn't believe it, either. Was this a dream or what? To survey the area as she and a couple of others went down to wipe out the underground mall may not be the most important mission of all time, but it still amounted to something. She had a purpose, and by god, she wasn't going to let Akane down.

…Though Raynare wished she wasn't stuck with her of all people.

In one of many cafes scattered around the southern section of Honolulu, Raynare dragged her eyes from the tableside window and glanced at the blond girl, who looked extremely nervous in her presence, making Raynare grimace.

She didn't know what Akane had been thinking when she'd paired them together — probably an idea so intellectual that Raynare couldn't hope to comprehend it — but she seriously didn't like this. Not when the devils and that Red Dragon Emperor boy each had their own places to monitor.

Raynare had nothing against Asia, of course. But considering their history, things were very awkward between them. Those feelings were shared by the nun, it seemed, as she refused to make eye contact with the fallen angel.

Her fingers drummed on the table as this atmosphere grew harder and harder to ignore, looking through the window again before Raynare decided to speak, hoping to maybe make this less tense.

"So… It's been a while." She started. "I see you integrated in Japan pretty well without us, huh?"

"Um, yes." Asia nodded. "Akane has been taking care of ever since… that incident."

Raynare frowned slightly.

"I see," Raynare replied. "And how's life there?"

"It's great!" The blond said, suddenly sounding excited. "I'm still not the best at the language, but Akane's been teaching me."

…

"So you've been enjoying yourself," Raynare stated, and although she outwardly remained composed, her heart burned with jealousy.

"Yes. Akane's so nice to me. She and her mother always treat me well and spoil me with gifts." Asia answered, holding her cross necklace. "I don't know what I did to deserve it, but they're like my family now, and I wish to repay their kindness one day. In any way I can."

Raynare's lips thinned.

What the hell was wrong with her? Why did she have to bring up Akane every time she spoke? Was she trying to brag about how close she was to Akane? Was she trying to ridicule Raynare? Was Raynare being mocked? Had nothing against her, scratch that, Raynare hated this bitch now.

"Good for you…" Raynare muttered quietly.

She was recently excommunicated and homeless, and now she's mooching off Akane's generosity. All because she was lucky enough to be rescued by her. What a joke. Why Akane would keep someone like Asia around was beyond her. She wasn't just weak, but a pushover and totally useless, too.

As the conversation died down, moments later, the ground beneath them suddenly shook, causing some of the civilians to stumble, drinks and plates of dessert to fall, and the lights to flicker.

"What's going on?" One of the cafe's patrons said with a concerned tone. "An earthquake?"

No. Raynare thought, sensing something below them. Looks like something big is happening down there.

"It's Akane," Asia muttered. "She's fighting someone."

"Or something." The fallen angel said, the ground shaking again. "And whatever it is she's fighting, they're being destructive."

"Oh, goodness." The blond looked worried. "I hope she's okay."

Raynare's eyes narrowed.

"Aren't you her friend?" She questioned a bit too confrontationally.

"Huh?" Asia blinked.

"Seriously, don't you have any faith in her?" Raynare added with a scoff. "It's Akane. There's no one in Hawaii, much less down there, who can beat her."

Although a little confused at first, the blond nodded.

"Yeah, you're right." She giggled awkwardly before looking out the window. "I guess I'm just being a worrywart."

So much for being friends. Raynare thought.

The ground shook once more, this time more violently. Panic began spreading among the nearby civilians in the cafe as they tried to hide beneath tables. Even the ones outside looked for safety, mistaking this for an earthquake. Hawaii wasn't new to those due to volcanic activities, after all.

"Hey, isn't that—" Asia started before her eyes widened. "It's Mr. Bryce!"

Following her line of sight, Raynare spotted the Sage of Palekana out on the other side of the road, simply struggling to stay standing each time the ground beneath them trembled. In his hands were bags of groceries, spilling out onto the sidewalk as he fell over.

"We have to help him," Asia said.

"Don't," Raynare replied. "Akane told us to stay here and keep watch."

"But what if he gets hurt?"

"He will be fine." The fallen angel insisted.

But as she said that, the ground shook a fourth time, this time hard enough to rupture the concrete road. Cracks and potholes began to appear as panic and fear intensified, with some believing this was going to be a major earthquake. What the hell was going on down there?

Seeing this, Asia made up her mind and dashed out of the store.

"Hey, wait!" Raynare exclaimed before hissing. "Idiot…"

She went after the blond, who quickly helped the old man get back on his feet. The fallen angel scowled in anger at Asia's insubordination.

"I told you not to run off like that!" Raynare scolded.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Raynare, but he needs my help." She responded, the conviction in her tone catching the fallen angel off guard. "Are you okay, Mr. Bryce?"

"Ms. Asia?" He mumbled, looking confused. "What are you doing here?"

"It's a long story." She replied. "Come on, let's get you out of here. It's too dangerous to—"

Before she could finish that sentence, the ground beneath them suddenly split open into a large sinkhole that quickly swallowed all three of them. Raynare reacted, her black-feathered wings sprouting off her back as she tried to fly away, but as she looked down and spotted Asia and the old man falling further and further, she clicked her tongue and dived down.

She quickly realized that the sinkhole led to the underground mall, which looked nothing like a mall in any meaningful way. If anything, the utter devastation made it look like a warzone. What the hell happened here?

That thought was cut short as she heard the guttural roars of a beast that sent shivers down her spine. She glimpsed a mass of flesh, eyes widening to the size of saucers as hundreds and hundreds of veiny tentacles swung around it, destroying everything in its path.

What the hell is that?! Raynare was terrified. No. Focus, Ray.

Right before they hit the ground, Raynare caught them both and quickly tried to get away through the same sinkhole, but she wasn't so lucky, as something pierced her right wing and nearly scratched her eye off, completely stopping her momentum and breaking her balance.

Crying out in pain, Raynare fell with the two humans in her arms, crashing into a pile of rocks and debris. She groaned and hissed, blood pouring out of the wound in her forehead as she got up on her feet. She coughed as she accidentally inhaled some dust, then she flapped her wings, thanking her lucky stars that the injury wasn't serious enough to prevent her from flying. It just hurt a bit.

But she could handle a little pain.

She looked around for the idiot nun who'd gotten them into this mess, spotting her sitting next to the unconscious body of the old man. He was bleeding from a gash on his head, likely from the fall, and an open wound across his chest and arm. Raynare thought it was a miracle he was still alive, even if he was hanging by a thread. But when had he gotten hit? Did the thing that attacked her also get to him?

"Mr. Bryce!" Asia yelled. "Oh, lord!"

As she called upon her Sacred Gear, a glowing green ring appeared on her finger. She hovered both hands above the downed Bryce, and Twilight Healing's soothing energy glowed a gentle light that seeped into his being, very quickly healing his life-threatening wounds.

Although he remained unconscious, he wasn't in critical condition anymore, prompting Asia to sigh in relief. When she noticed Raynare in the corner of her eyes, she gasped in surprise.

"You're hurt!" She said, approaching the fallen angel in hopes of healing her.

This made Raynare scowl angrily.

"And whose fault do you think it is?!" She yelled.

"Eh?" Asia blinked, stopping in her tracks.

"Seriously, are you an idiot? I told you not to run off!" She reiterated. "Look where your recklessness got us!"

"B-but I had to! Mr. Bryce would've gotten hurt!"

"That doesn't mean you can just do whatever you want!" Raynare argued as Asia's green eyes widened. "We had strict orders to—"

"Look out behind you!"

Raynare paused, becoming confused for just a moment until she felt the presence of death directly behind her. She turned around, seeing the mass of flesh attached to the body of a man looming over her, its tentacles lashing directly toward her.

"Ah…" Raynare uttered quietly, unable to move.

She couldn't move in time— she was nowhere near fast enough, even as everything slowed down. Her life flashed before her eyes while she wondered what she had done wrong to deserve this. Yes, maybe she hadn't lived the most fulfilling life of all time. Maybe she wasn't the nicest person around, either, but death?

Wasn't that too far? Raynare had done her best to follow Akane's orders. She hadn't let anything distract her from doing her job. She didn't think she deserved to die because the blond idiot next to her had decided to ignore said orders.

All because she wanted to help some random old man who looked like he was three months away from dying anyway. Why did Raynare have to pay the price for Asia's stupidity? She should've just flown away without them. She should've left them to die here.

As the tentacles were mere inches away from reaching her, her black-haired savior appeared in front of her and froze the tentacles solid before pushing the grotesque monster back with a battering ram of ice.

The fallen angel fell on her rear, her eyes glued on Akane's magnificent form. Her majestic crystal wings spread wide, tiny snowflakes gliding down as her overwhelming aura engulfed all that was around them. Raynare could see her own breath from how cold it was, and yet, she was utterly mesmerized.

Although her clothes were a little torn, Akane seemed utterly undamaged, having effortlessly pushed back a beast thousands and thousands of times more powerful than Raynare could ever hope to be.

She'd seen her defeat that former yakuza agent, so she had somewhat of an idea of how powerful she truly was, but this? This was different. Like an entirely different league. Simply feeling this power nearly choking Raynare was…

Beautiful. She thought. She's beautiful.

Akane glanced back at them, shimmering light blue pupils within sharp red irises. She seemed somewhat displeased, but mostly confused.

"What the hell are you doing here?" She asked, her voice calm and even.

"Huh? Ah— I— I mean, we—"

But all Raynare could do was stammer in a high-pitched voice, with her face becoming crimson red.

"Akane, it's Mr. Bryce!" Asia answered, pointing at the old man. "A sinkhole appeared and swallowed all of us!"

Akane's eyes widened in surprise as she spotted the Sage of Palekana, but her expression quickly shifted into one of thought as she gazed at the sinkhole, then back at Asia.

"I see. I guess I wasn't being very careful while dealing with this disgusting abomination. My fault." She hummed. "Then again, throwing something ten times my size around like a ragdoll was pretty fun."

The roar of the beast made Raynare cover her ears from how loud it was, but naturally, Akane was entirely unaffected. Even as it charged at the yakuza princess with its lashing tentacles at a speed Raynare couldn't hope to conceive, Akane simply raised one hand where magic began gathering in her palm.

"I probably should end it before this gets out of hand." She muttered to herself as a perfect, smooth sphere formed in her hand.

Once it reached its desired size, Akane closed her hand into a fist, crushing the sphere. Reduced to nothing but particles, she threw the spell at the beast, which proceeded to freeze it solid. It was stopped almost immediately, its tentacles halting just a hair away from the yakuza princess.

A beast that large and that powerful, turned into a glittering statue of ice in less than a second…

"Your healing factor might've proved troublesome to others, but me?" Akane smirked, creating a gigantic baseball bat made of her ice. "My ice magic is cold enough to freeze atoms in an instant. You never stood a chance."

She regripped the bat and swung it at the monster, shattering it into a million pieces. As Xenovia approached them with a displeased frown, Akane dispelled her weapon and stretched her back with a satisfied groan.

"If you had the ability to kill him so easily, then was this necessary?" The blue-haired exorcist growled. "Torturing him like that—"

"No, but it was fun." Akane shrugged, utterly unapologetic. "And it was a monster hellbent on killing us. I'm not going to spare any sympathy for it."

"And your 'fun' was all that mattered, wasn't it?" Xenovia argued, growing more frustrated. "Because of you dragging this fight for the sake of your own pleasure, someone got hurt."

"Well, maybe you should've kept your mouth shut," Akane replied. "But you just had to talk bullshit about it wanting to be saved. As if your opinion ever mattered to me."

Something about this made Xenovia's eyes widen.

"What did you say?" Her expression rapidly went from shocked to angry. "Spite? You did this— tortured that poor man out of SPITE?! Are you out of your—"

Akane cut Xenovia off by grabbing her by the neck, glaring at her with a sneer. The exorcist gasped, either of surprise or fear, Raynare didn't know.

"You still don't seem to understand. But with a skull as thick as yours, I'm not surprised," She started with a low tone, the air around them growing colder by the second. "So let me make it crystal clear for you: I make the rules. I say what we can and can't do. It's my right as the strongest, and as the one who defeated you in a duel, and until I ask you for your input, you'll stay silent and follow my orders without question."

Xenovia said nothing, and although she looked quite anxious, she was brave enough to stare at Akane defiantly. Both Raynare and Asia were tense, utterly quiet, not sure what to do or say in a situation like this.

"We're not friends, and I certainly don't care what you think of me. You're nothing to me other than a mildly powerful ally, and you're only getting involved in this mess because I was kind enough to allow you to." The yakuza princess said. "So, unless you want to be sent back to Italy in a box, Ambassador, keep that in mind next time you try to order ME around, got it?"

Xenovia said nothing, but Akane took her silence as obedience and eventually let her go. The blue-haired exorcist ran a hand over her neck, nervous sweat rolling down her cheeks.

"Now, let's get out of here," Akane said, addressing everyone, walking past Xenovia. "Before the authorities show up. We don't want to be seen, so we're leaving through the tunnels. Follow me."

With that, she took the lead, and everyone followed. All the while, Raynare couldn't take her eyes off Akane's back. She was utterly bewitched by the girl in front of her. Everything about her was dignified. Her proud attitude, her well-placed confidence, her unbelievable power and skill— it was as if she were actual royalty. No, she was more than that.

She was Divine.

It was there, and then that Raynare silently decided that none deserved her undying loyalty more than her. Not the cadres. Not the Grigori. Not Azazel.

But Lady Akane Amamiya.




– Akane –

Soon after utterly wrecking the black market, I informed the rest to retreat to the resort so I could share everything I learned. With Xenovia, Asia, and Raynare in tow, we managed to slip by without anyone from the authorities noticing us. We used the military tunnels we came through, which led us to the other side of town. Away from the cops.

Now, I'm not really concerned about them or anything finding the market down there, because it's going to be very swiftly cleaned up and hidden by the US government, but I am worried that we caused enough racket for said government to get involved more thoroughly. You know, besides sending Magnus.

Speaking of which, apparently, he's not done with his investigation into the Ganzhe and Wong Tou, and I doubt we'll be hearing from him for a bit. He likes to use more… meticulous methods, rather than just bulldozing his way through whatever stands in his way. Even though I've already proven that my methods are a lot more effective.

Not like it matters. We're gonna have to lay low for a while, anyway.

"So Dwight wasn't there after all…" Ichi sighed. "Kinda hoped he'd be. I mean, what safer place to hide in other than a market filled with countless superpowered criminals, right?"

"It's too obvious." I shrug. "I doubt he'd put himself at risk, seeing how the CIA wants him. Better a place than nobody knows about."

I'm not really surprised that we didn't find a trace of him there, but I wasn't entirely counting on it, in all honesty. What mattered more to me was getting to increase my stats via Devour and looting the fuck out of the place. Of which, I got to do both. I may not have grown leagues more powerful than I was, but it's a significant boost regardless.

As for the loot, well, to be honest, a lot of it is useless shit you could find anywhere. I thought I'd get things like weapons or artifacts, but most of what I found was stuff like expensive brand clothes made out of endangered mythical beasts, a couple of pieces of enchanted jewelry, potions, lots and lots of drugs of both natural and supernatural origins. You know, useless stuff for the most part.

I did find some useful loot, too, though. Phenex Tears, supernatural materials like Mithril, Orichalcum, and Adamantine, monster parts from griffins, wyverns, and hydras, some magic crystals of various elements, and most importantly, a large chunk of Agreasite.

Yup. The crystal I've been salivating over ever since Lucy first told me about it. A whole chunk of it, and while it's of low quality according to the Devil God, it's more than enough to begin the project I've been holding off on. I'm VERY excited to start working on it.

I had a feeling I was going to find some here, as you can only legally acquire it from the Agares pillar. That doesn't mean I'm canceling my plans to raid their little floating island, though. I still need more. Way more, vastly better quality Agreasite if I want to build strong armor.

"Even though he had that Patient Zero thing in his back pocket?" Issei questioned, having woken up and recovered.

Irina sat close next to him, still throwing him concerned glances every once in a while, even though he had been healed by Asia after we came back. Sheesh, talk about madly in love.

Terrible standards, though.

"That thing clearly couldn't be controlled. He'd put himself at risk standing anywhere near it." I argue. "And if that really is the case, then Dwight has to be way weaker than I thought."

That thing wasn't even a challenge. I was messing around with it because I was bored, and because the blue bitch kept bothering me. I literally could've ended it whenever I wanted, and only thought to see if regular ice spells could overwhelm its healing factor. You know, using it as a test dummy. I even made a couple of new spells to test out, because the dungeon monsters immediately die if I so much as glare in their general direction.

Can't really train much over there anymore.

On the bright side, I'm very close to unlocking the third-tier dungeon. I'm level 286 — I leveled up twice when I killed Patient Zero — and I need to reach level 300 for it to open. I'm very excited, as I jumped in power significantly in the past two dungeons, so I'm hoping this will give me a similar boost. Also, the next one is a dragon dungeon. Isn't that cool?

A Dragonslayer title is a lot cooler than 'Diligent Student'. Even if it's admittedly pretty useful to have.

"So we're back to square one, huh?" Ichi says, leaning back on his chair. "Killing his trump card must've spooked him. I doubt he's going to show his ugly mug any time soon."

"He doesn't have to," I smirk, drawing everyone's attention. "I have this, after all~"

I take the scientist's phone out of my inventory and wave it for everyone to see.

"This phone has Dwight's number in it." I elaborate before anyone asks.

Although everyone immediately understands where I'm going with this, Xenovia, being the dipshit she is, simply has to ask.

"So?"

"So, I'm going to dox his ass," I answer. "Even if he wises up and gets a new phone number and a new device, we'll still know his last hiding spot. There's literally nowhere he could run now that I have this."

"So you're saying he's completely fucked?" Issei asks with a smile.

"In every conceivable way." My grin widens. "I bet he's scrambling for a solution now that we've wiped his entire operation off the face of the earth."

I'm not the only one happy about this, as the rest — except Xenovia, who's still sore about how I scolded her for being an arrogant moron — celebrate. See? My genius is unparalleled.

"Oh, he's so done. He has nobody to protect him." Ichi says. "You're amazing, Akane. Seriously."

"Of course, I am." I giggle. "I'm me, after all."

"How long would it take you to locate him?" Kiba asks a valid question.

"Not very," I answer a little ambiguously. "Should have it figured out by tomorrow morning at the latest."

"So he barely even has a chance to hide somewhere else," Irina concludes. "And that's assuming he knows you can dox him in the first place."

"He probably doesn't," Koneko says.

"He's dead dead." I reiterate. "There's no place in Hawaii that he can hide in anymore."

I guess he might come to the conclusion that the CIA's going to dox him, not me, but it doesn't really matter. Even if he does, as Irina said, he doesn't have enough time to hide anywhere.

"Then we strike the moment Akane gets his location," Ichi said. "Everyone cool with that?"

"I doubt we need so much firepower to put him down." I slightly disagree. "Either you or I would be enough for him."

"Then—"

"And I call dibs." I beat him to it.

"Aw, come on! Really?!" Ichi complains. "Why do you get all the fun stuff?"

"You'll be fine, you big baby." I tease him. "I doubt he's even half as strong as you, so there's no reason for you to want this fight. And unlike you, Ichi, I like bullying enemies weaker than me."

Everyone looks at me with exasperation after my very casual confession.

"Hearing you say that so casually makes me a little concerned about what you plan on doing to him," Irina mutters.

"I guess I can't argue with that? Ignoring the weird but unsurprising admission of sadism from you." Ichi sighs. "But next time someone strong shows up—"

"It'll be your turn to fight them. Sure." I nod. I don't like this battle-junkie trait of his, but I'm willing to give him a pass. He's lucky I love him. "Besides, you're too nice to get information out of him. I, on the other hand, can be very convincing."

"That's fair, I think." He says. "You're a lot scarier than me."

And willing to do way more to get what I want, but let's leave it at who's scarier.

"Then it's settled," I say, getting off my chair. "You should all rest for now. In the meantime, I'll be busy tracking his location."

Which, again, shouldn't take too long. Probably less than a couple of minutes, but nobody here is as tech-savvy as me, so I can take my sweet time. Why would I do that, seeing how getting to Dwight is a priority? Because there's something else I need to worry about. Something a lot more important.

And it's figuring out how the hell Bryce got dragged into our mess. How did he stumble on Asia and Raynare like that? Asia said she found him randomly, seemingly on his way to the orphanage with groceries.

…But I refuse to believe that. My gut is telling me something different.

Not to worry, though. I had a Spyder on him the entire time, so I just need to go back to my secret base and watch its recording. So I didn't just corner Dwight now that I have his location, but now I have concrete proof that Bryce is the Overseer.

My genius really is unrivaled~



– Lucifer –

Alongside his potential successor, they watched the footage recorded by the Spyder she left with Bryce, the girl's eyes wide in utter shock as they saw what neither of them had admittedly expected.

It was nothing. Absolute nothing. Nothing suspicious or incriminating. Nothing that could prove his identity as the Overseer. Nothing that even hinted at the mere idea that they could be the same person in any way.

Akane rewound the video to the beginning, her magic slowly bubbling with rage at what she had seen. She was almost in disbelief.

The video began with Bryce in his office, alone and seemingly reading the christian bible. A little odd, but this proved nothing. This was nothing more than an old religious man interested in another religion.

Then, someone knocked on the door.

"Come in." He said.

The door opened, and an adult woman of Hawaiian descent walked in.

"Mr. Bryce? I don't want to interrupt you, but we're running low on groceries." She said. "The others and I are busy with the kids, so I'm sorry to ask, but could you—"

"Of course, Angela. I'm happy to help," He responded with a light chuckle, closing the bible, putting it in the shelf, then approaching her. "Do you have a grocery list, or do you need me to write one?"

"Ah, thank you so much, sir." She nodded, handing him a piece of paper. Again, nothing incriminating. It was not a secret message or anything. A simple grocery list, nothing more and nothing less. "Here. It's not much, so it shouldn't take long."

"I was hoping otherwise." He admitted. "My doctor has been telling me I should walk more often, and I've been slacking. Perhaps I should take a detour."

This was something that raised a few flags upon first watch. Both had thought he was going to his base or something, but no. As Bryce left the orphanage, he didn't go anywhere suspicious. He simply took the long way to the supermarket, going around the town.

"You've gotta be fucking kidding me…" Akane whispered to herself.

And when he arrived, he acted like any other civilian. He simply filled his cart with the items he wanted. Vegetables, frozen meat, canned food. Once again, nothing incriminating. He was a human doing human things.

When he had left the supermarket, on his way back to the orphanage, it happened. The ground beneath him began to shake. Asia and Raynare arrived to help, and the sinkhole appeared, swallowing all three.

And that was when the footage was cut off.

Yes, cut off.

It appeared that the Spyder was destroyed in the crossfire.

"…Well, then." Lucifer started, stepping back and grinning. "I suppose you were wrong, after all."

As the veins in her forehead throbbed, Akane bared her teeth and clenched her fists, rage swirling inside her. Lucifer watched, interested and amused at her reaction, knowing full well she didn't believe anything she saw in that footage.

"Bullshit." She growled. "This is fucking bullshit! There's no way I'm wrong!"

"Oh? How so?"

"You're telling me all of this was just a coincidence?!" Akane whipped her head at the Devil God, forgetting who she was talking to. "Are you out of your fucking mind?! There isn't a snowball's chance in hell that he's that lucky! It's insane— He had to have planned this!"

"But you had him recorded this entire time, no?" Lucifer argued. "And the footage showed nothing out of the ordinary."

Truthfully, Lucifer actually agreed with her. This was way too convenient. Things perfectly fell in place just for him to avoid Akane's surveillance through her Spyder. Too perfectly. So, unless he had the luck of the entire universe on his side, he must've known where he was going.

"Because anything out of the ordinary would've already revealed him to us!" Akane said, once again rewinding the footage until he fell into the sinkhole. "He knew he was being tracked. He knew we were watching. This bastard KNEW and figured out a way to get rid of the Spyder. No, not just that. He knew exactly where it was, too."

"And the evidence being?"

She played the footage again, this time frame by frame, up until the Spyder was destroyed.

"Because I installed danger detectors in the Spyders. They would've gone out of harm's way even while on him." She said. "But look at this— The tentacle directly hit the Spyder because he moved his arm right before he got hit. He knew where it was and used Patient Zero's attack to destroy the Spyder before it could move out of the way."

True to her words, from what they could see of the footage, Bryce had seemingly positioned his arm in a way where the tentacle that was going to hit him also took out the Spyder. Less than half a second before the attack actually landed, so the Spyder couldn't reasonably avoid it. Perfectly executed plan.

"All of this… He knew all of this was going to happen. He played me like a fool!" Akane seethed, smashing her fist into the screen. "GODDAMNIT!"

She huffed, backing away from the broken screen. She stared at it with a deep snarl, but then she took a deep breath, trying to calm her nerves as she rubbed her temples.

"What of it?" Lucifer eventually questioned. "I don't quite understand what angers you so. Doesn't this prove his identity?"

"Don't you understand?" She hissed, glaring at Lucifer. "He wasn't just trying to save himself or protect his identity. This bastard is mocking me. He thinks he's better than ME."

'By using my own short-sightedness' was left unsaid. After all, none of this would've happened had she immediately killed Patient Zero. But she was blinded by her own arrogance, high on the souls she devoured, and full of spite for that blue-haired exorcist. All of this led to Bryce falling into that sinkhole and getting the Spyder destroyed in this 'accident'.

This was a mistake of her own making. But it was one she wasn't willing to admit.

Despite that, Lucifer's smirk widened. He found this to be endlessly amusing.

"So it seems~" He chuckled. "And what are you going to do?"

Although still utterly enraged, Akane managed to recompose herself, and with a cold tone, she answered.

"I'm going to make an example out of the Overseer." She swore. "And once I've broken him in mind and spirit, I'll rend his soul in two."

The Devil God couldn't help but quietly laugh.

She truly is the perfect successor.
Writing arrogant edgelords crashing out is fun as fuck

Arc is approaching its end. at least in Patreon. Also, here's some more Mizuki art.

Spoiler: Mizuki Art
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Doutian, Steele/Mili, Dehaka and 43 others
Mirlnir
Feb 24, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 73: It's On Now New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Apr 5, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,081
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu


– Sona –

She'd figured that this was going to be difficult. What she'd asked of Serafall, well, even masters of magic would struggle with. Changing your spell temperature was no easy task, and to the degree Sona's sister was capable of it, it was almost unheard of.

Of course, ice and fire magic users had a significantly easier time than, say, wind and earth, as they relied on temperature for the power of their spells. They had an inherent understanding of the concept. A fire started by sticks and wood shavings can never burn even the weakest of devils, but a blast of flames from a proper wizard would incinerate them.

But as already established, Serafall never used ice magic. At least not like Akane. Her sister simply used the Sitri's clan trait of water magic, supercooling her spells right before firing them. This was all caused by a birth mutation that Sona never had, and at this point, she had cursed her luck for being born normal.

Birth mutations. Such an intriguing concept, Sona thought. They were an extremely rare occurrence, even more so considering the devils' low birth rates. Usually, only one devil in every five hundred years would be born with a mutated clan trait, so it was a wonder how two mutated devils were born in the same week. Serafall and, of course, Sirzechs. Some would argue Ajuka as well, considering his intelligence.

Nobody knew what had caused these mutations to form. This wasn't like how some humans were born with birth defects— devils, while looking similar on the surface, were very different biologically. Their mutations were magical in nature, as magic was intricately woven into their DNA.

Some scientists theorized it was the fetus's acknowledgment and response to an unsafe environment, thus forcing itself to evolve while in the womb. Others believed it was similar to how human heroes seem to reincarnate every other generation, with devils from an ancient past returning with no memories. Old devils like Lord Zekram thought it was simply the fading echoes of the Devil God blessing or cursing whomever they choose.

None truly agreed on the answer. It was an age-old debate that had been going on since before her sister was even born.

Not all mutations were the same, either. Some, like her sister's, altered the biological and magical structure of the clan trait in its entirety, while others, like Sirzechs', maintained it, with the mutation vastly increasing the power output of the clan trait instead. Even Sairaorg was technically a mutant, considering his inability to use his clan trait at all, though he was seen more as a defect.

Regardless of what mutations truly were, Sona understood just how easy some had it, and once again cursed her luck for being born normal. Because how could she ever hope to catch up to the human mutant named Akane like this?

Even after a week of constantly refining her magic, she had barely gotten any closer to her goal. While she'd gotten a slightly better handle on her water magic, her overall power remained essentially the same, and it frustrated her to no end.

She huffed in annoyance and exhaustion as she released a water bubble from her hand, barely a degree colder than usual. This was as far as she could reach. Hours upon hours of practice amounted to this.

Even after Sera had explained how she did it, Sona had barely made any progress. Using her own frustration and anger? How could that even work? Demonic power didn't function on emotions like Akane's magic. It was based on imagination, control, and output. Yes, anger could affect her magic power, but never beyond what she was actually capable of.

"Damn it…" Sona cursed under her breath.

What the hell was she supposed to do? She couldn't even grow her power normally like she had during Rias' training before her Rating Game with Riser. She had already returned that training belt to the yakuza. Sona knew that if she wanted to make any progress, she needed to struggle. Actually struggle.

"Ah, you were right there. So close!" Her sister cheered, though, this only frustrated Sona further. "You can do it, Sona! I believe in you!"

…Unfortunately, the person she had asked for help kept treating her like glass.

"But your problem is increasing the output. That only makes it more difficult to change the properties of the spell." She advised. "If you wanna change the weight, mass, or temperature of the spell, you have to start small."

"I am starting small," Sona replied.

"I mean smaller," Serafall said. "Let's try again. The weakest spell you can conjure up."

"How can I reasonably do that when in the same breath you tell me to use my anger to cast the spell?" She pointed out, struggling to keep her temper in check. "Don't you think it's contradictory?"

"Um, well, no? But I see where you're coming from." Serafall nodded patiently. "I'm not telling you to just pour your anger into your spell, but to control it. Focus it properly on what you want it to do."

Easy for you to say. Sona thought, almost saying it out loud. You were born with this gift.

Sona immediately shook those poisonous thoughts out of her head, feeling a little guilty. While Sona didn't think her sister was being very helpful at the moment, Serafall was still just trying to help. She took time off from her important work to happily assist her little sister.

Sona didn't want to feel ungrateful.

"Okay…" She said, extending an arm.

"Do you wanna take a break?" Serafall asked. "I mean, we've been at it for a while now."

"No, I'm fine," Sona replied, giving her older sister a strained smile. "I'm hoping I can make some progress today."

"Alright, if you say so." Serafall smiled back. "Now, focus on your energy."

Sona took a deep breath as power began gathering in her palm.

"Remind yourself of your frustrations. It could be about anything, from your work at school to your responsibilities as a heiress to former enemies."

But none of that was what frustrated Sona. None of that was what had angered her enough to do this in the first place. It wasn't the stress of her work as a temporary governess of Kuoh, nor was it the enemies she held grudges against.

"Draw from ice-cold anger. Let it swallow the spell, not empower it." Sera told her. "Then command it to freeze everything in your path."

It was her own weakness, her complacency, and her growing feelings of inferiority to a human who had grown vastly more powerful than her in just a few months. A human who kept showing her up over and over, barely even trying or acknowledging Sona as a rival in any meaningful way.

A human who always seemed to stand in the forefront of every conflict they had gone through, leading them to victory time and time again. A human who, frustratingly enough, was someone Sona called a dear friend and perhaps even more. A friend who Sona was utterly mortified once she recognized her own resentment for.

How had it come to this? Since when had Sona developed these venomous thoughts toward Akane? No, the question was why. Sona didn't want to hate her friend, not when this was her problem to begin with.

Yes, perhaps Akane wasn't always the most modest, and that added to her frustrations with her, but did their friendship mean so little to Sona that she would begin resenting Akane over something so utterly ridiculous?

As guilt crept up with her growing rage, Sona wavered, temporarily losing focus, releasing another half-assed spell.

Before her sister could try to cheer her up, Sona tried one more time, casting another spell. Again and again, over and over. Each attempt was no different than the last, only adding to her frustration. Her anger grew hotter and hotter as she gritted her teeth.

"Um, Sona?"

Why couldn't she do this? She was doing the exact same thing Serafall was telling her, and yet— even a WEEK of refining her magic wasn't enough. She'd gone through Serafall's ridiculous, pointless pre-training just for it not to amount to anything!

Countless hours and attempts without even a lick of progress made. Was this all for nothing? Was she hopeless? Was Sona simply inferior after all? She couldn't get it. She just couldn't get it.

"Sona, relax," Serafall said as Sona kept casting spell after spell. "You're not really helping yourself right now."

And this… this idiot next to her still treated her like a child. Like someone who'd only just started casting spells. Even though Sona had grown to the level of Ultimate-class devil in power, Serafall refused to treat her like one.

It's like her sister didn't want to acknowledge any progress Sona had already made. Like she was still her adorable little 'Sona-tan' who hadn't gone through SEVERAL life-or-death battles. It felt insulting.

"Stop." Serafall insisted. "Sona, this is too much. You have to stop."

Had Sona known this was what was waiting for her, she would've ignored Rias' advice and gone off to figure something out on her own. It would be infinitely better than to be constantly belittled by her own sister.

She didn't even give Sona the courtesy of a simple spar, saying it was too early. How would she even know that?! Sona didn't come back here to be mocked and infantilized! What a fucking joke!

"Sona—"

"Shut up!" Sona yelled back, making Serafall flinch. "Just shut up! Stop patronizing me!"

Her sister backed off, looking back at her in shock. Sona huffed, angrily scowling at Serafall for a few seconds. Then, Sona's eyes widened, white-hot anger immediately dwindling as she realized that she had momentarily lost her temper.

Remorse quickly replaced every ounce of frustration within her, making her lower her arm and look away from Serafall. This was the first time she had spoken to her older sister in such a way. She felt ashamed and embarrassed.

"I…" Her voice now much quieter, Sona stammered. "I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to…"

Serafall, however, only smiled at her.

"It's okay." She replied in a soft, even voice. "I get it. I really do. I know I'd be mad in your shoes."

The younger devil said nothing.

"But it happens. All of us hit a wall eventually." Serafall added. "But every wall can be broken with enough hard work. Always remember that, alright?"

Sona's frown deepened.

"…Alright."

She knew her sister was just trying to cheer her up, but this didn't help at all. Sona only felt worse about herself. 'Every wall can be broken' meant nothing when she was the only one who couldn't break hers.

She had been left in the dust, and once, or if, she ever broke that wall, it would've already been too late.

"Sona?"

The Sitri Heiress glanced up at her sister, whose smile was now replaced by a concerned look.

"You know you can tell me if anything is bothering you, right?"

Sona knew that, of course. And she knew Serafall well enough that she'd do everything in her power to help her if Sona ever decided to tell her about her feelings of inferiority. She'd probably try to assure her that she was doing great or whatever…

"I'm fine," Sona replied, swallowing up the urge to vent. "Let's just take a break."

"Well…" Serafall didn't press. "If you say so."

But if today was anything to go by, then she highly doubted her sister could help.

Because words of encouragement meant nothing to Sona.




– Lucifer –

It had been several hours after Akane's amusing little tantrum, and thankfully, the girl had gotten over it enough to start working on her new project. Honestly, the longer he had spent with her, the more she reminded him of his younger self. He used to be just as arrogant and volatile as she was, always self-important and constantly feeling slighted by any word or action that didn't suit his fancy.

Beyond thinking it was hilarious, Lucifer had found it utterly pathetic, of course. Idiotic and infantile, but, well, he couldn't expect too much from a child like her. Rather, he was impressed at how quickly she had reined in her anger to focus on her job. True, she was still seething with rage, but she did not let it deter her from working on what needed to be done.

After taking a few minutes to calm herself and think about her next move, Akane had put on those little earplugs that emit music and started to silently tinker with the loot she had gotten from that underground marketplace. She mainly focused on the Agreasite crystals, laser-cutting them into proper shapes before stuffing them into cylinder tubes plugged into her computer.

First, she tested the crystals, activating them through simple calculations that grew increasingly complex as she tried to determine the crystals' limits. Finding none — at least not yet — Akane decided to proceed to the next phase of her plan: testing whether her programming language could do the same.

And after countless attempts, thousands of these strings of words she called 'codes', Akane found… nothing. No luck in that regard. Nothing she had coded into the crystal ever responded beyond a mere faint glow that died down just as quickly as it had appeared. A sign that this was possible, yes, but that was as much as she was able to get.

Lucifer found this highly fascinating. 'Programming.' What a superb concept. He'd gleaned an understanding simply by seeing Akane, and it made him marvel at human ingenuity. Not only had they relied on mathematics to even the odds against the supernatural races, growing more powerful with every generation, but they'd created entire languages that could power machines and, now, magic.

Truly, it was no wonder that his father had grown obsessed with them. Every day, Lucifer himself had become a little more infatuated with humanity as well. Especially the little girl next to him. Such remarkable talent from a human was so rare back in his day.

Though Akane didn't share his excitement, instead, she was quite frustrated, but she was too focused to throw another tantrum. That or too tired. She'd been on that chair of hers for a while, listening to extremely loud and guttural music with an ashtray filled with cigarettes on her desk, as well as several empty cans of those 'Energy Drinks' scattered around.

Even with little to no progress, Akane vehemently refused to give up or even take a break, hellbent on getting her new power source to work as soon as possible. Her perseverance was quite admirable, Lucifer thought. However, her performance seemed to have deteriorated a little.

She was typing more slowly, taking longer pauses to process her thoughts, and seemed to zone out more often. Beyond the evident exhaustion, that recording hadn't just angered her, but made her significantly more paranoid.

He supposed that this was where they differed. In his youth, Lucifer hardly ever felt paranoia. Despite the terrible odds stacked against him, he had been more than influential and powerful enough to spread fear across all worlds. Many heroes and legends had fallen before his might, and no 'outmaneuvering' from his enemies came close to felling him.

Such was the power of the one reborn. Who had cast his doubts, fears, and worldly desires away all for the sake of his ambitions. Lucifer had only perished at the hand of his own father. The one being that was powerful enough to kill him.

But Lucifer had had quite a few advantages over the young girl. She was, first and foremost, still a human. A flawed being tethered by her worldly weaknesses. She hadn't yet reached her full potential, and Akane herself knew that. She knew it, but refused to do what was necessary to overcome these weaknesses.

She still hesitated. That tiny human part of her that yearned to love and be loved, writhing within the endless wickedness in her heart. It was miserable and weak, utterly dominated by her fierce sense of ambition, not unlike his, aimless as it may be. Otherwise, Akane would've never even considered using everything at her disposal to get what she wanted.

…But her humanity was still there. And as long as it remained, that line would never be crossed.

At least not intentionally.

She is young, Lucifer. He thought to himself, silently looking at her. You were the same, too.

He, too, had once hesitated to do what must be done.

And just as you have been reborn into something greater, He smiled. Perhaps she will reach that summit as well.

Only time would tell.

After another unsuccessful attempt, Akane huffed angrily, rolled her chair back, and rubbed her temples.

"I don't get it." She hissed, taking off her earphones. "I'm doing the same thing the yakuza are doing with their own sphere generators, but it's not working. Am I missing something?"

Despite her impressive perseverance, she was clearly reaching a boiling point. At this point, Lucifer doubted she'd make any progress even if she were to work for three days straight.

"Perhaps it's time you took a breather, darling." He told her. "You've been working for quite a long time. You're tired."

"I don't need a break." She disagreed. "I need to get this stupid thing running."

"And being impatient will not help you achieve that," Lucifer argued. "A little rest could go a long way, and you have all the time in the world."

Akane said nothing as she continued staring at the screen.

"Besides," Lucifer continued, glancing at the digital clock. "There's not much time left before your friends start to wonder where you are."

"I know that." She scoffed, crossing her arms. "…I thought this was going to be easier."

She was like a small child complaining. How precious.

"We all hit our roadblocks eventually." The Devil God said. "And if I may suggest…"

"What?" Akane looked at him.

"Seeing that the Tojo clan has accomplished this… programming magic," Lucifer answered. "Then they must have the knowledge you need to do so as well."

"Like hell I'm asking them for help." She scowled. "I'm literally better than them. My programming skills are superior, and Nemesis' original code is proof of it."

"Now, now," Lucifer chuckled. "That wasn't my suggestion. I never said you should ask for help."

Akane paused.

"You have all the tools you need to take what you need." He elaborated. "And if your skills really are superior, then perhaps it is time that you proved it to them."

Instead of dismissing his very dangerous suggestion, Akane predictably thought it over for a few moments. Lucifer had spent quite a while around the girl and had come to understand the type of person she was. Perhaps better than she understood herself. There was a good reason why she reminded Lucifer of himself when he was young.

This Tojo clan, her supposed allies that had once nurtured her father, was nothing more than a stepping stone. Unlike her closest confidants, it was an entity that she had no strong feelings towards— a faction of useful fools that supplied her with tools and resources. To betray them for her own gain was never out of the question.

"I guess it would make sense. If I ask them about it directly, it might give them a reason to investigate me in case I screw up down the line." She muttered to herself. "But if someone else hit them and compromised their systems, they wouldn't have anything to link me to future mistakes."

Yes, of course. All because she wanted her alter ego to remain anonymous for as long as possible. It was so bizarre and equally comical to even think about, Lucifer supposed. She thought she would be one of the first suspects to investigate because she had just so happened to ask her closest backers about their programming knowledge once upon a time. What sort of paranoid freak would even come to such a conclusion?

But Lucifer knew better. This wasn't solely about her feelings of paranoia. No, this was something much more childish and petty. After all, Akane felt completely ridiculed by the Overseer for the way he had manipulated her. Her pride was wounded— her overinflated ego was hurt, and she would go to any lengths to soothe that pain. If it meant betraying her own allies, she would eagerly do so, all in the name of her own sense of superiority.

Truly, she was rotten to her core, and Lucifer found this to be oh-so delightful.

"I do hope you're not planning to do such a thing right now," Lucifer said.

"Why, scared I'd fuck it up?" Akane huffed, this time a little more playfully. "Please. I bet I can scrape their entire database in minutes without them even noticing."

"I am fully aware of your abilities," He assured her. "But overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer, Akane. You are exhausted, not at your peak, and have little time before someone at the resort decides to look for you."

For a split second, as her eyes narrowed, Akane looked like she wanted to argue with Lucifer, but quickly relented and sighed deeply.

"Yeah, you're right." She said. "As easy as it would be, I shouldn't risk it when I don't have to."

"Precisely." Lucifer nodded.

"Something to do later, then." She added, standing up and stretching her arms. "After I'm done with Dwight, maybe."

Akane walked toward the teleporter, checking something on her phone before activating it. A portal leading into a small shed in the resort opened, and as they walked through it, it quickly closed behind them. A strategic place to teleport to and from her private base— far away from the main building, while also good enough to use as a 'workshop' for her tinkering. At least for the things she was willing to build in front of her friends.

Akane left the shed and went back to the building. It was still early in the morning, about 7:15, so fortunately for her, her friends were still asleep.

Well, except for her dragon toy.

"Oh, hey. Good morning." The Red Dragon Emperor, who was sitting on the edge of the bed, greeted Akane as she closed the door of their bedroom behind her. "You done with the hacking thing?"

"Yes." She nodded.

"Great! So when do we—" He paused as Akane dropped to the bed face-first. "What are you doing?"

"I'll beat him up later." She replied in a muffled voice. "I'm taking a nap now."

"Oh, yeah. For sure. Take all the time you need." Ichiban said, patting her on the head. "You've done a great job, Akane. You deserve to rest."

She let out a pleased hum before grabbing the boy's arm just as he started to pull it back.

"What?" He asked, confused.

"Keep doing this until I fall asleep." She told him. "And praise me more. 'Great job' isn't enough."

Ichiban sighed. However, he seemed more endeared by her antics than exasperated.

"Yes, ma'am."

Seeing this, Lucifer couldn't help but chuckle. He had always found this dichotomy of hers so eccentric. One second, she was this methodical, practical evil who cared for nothing other than her own benefit— a human whom even Lucifer himself wanted to make his successor over his own devil son.

…And the next, she was a needy princess who wanted to be pampered.

A younger Lucifer might've found this utterly pathetic and embarrassing to witness, but now? He hoped she would enjoy these moments while she still could.

Because at the rate things were going, he highly doubted they would last forever.




– Akane –

You know, I always had a feeling things would come to this eventually. Having to go directly against the Yakuza, that is. After all, they have a lot of information I could use, classified or otherwise. I just didn't expect it to be so soon. Yeah, they may be backing me up, but I still don't trust them, because at the end of the day, I'm not their leader.

They don't work for me. They don't answer to me. I'm not their most important member, and if it ever came down to it, I'm sure they'll get rid of me in order to further their goals. So I don't owe them any loyalty. As far as I'm concerned, they're just temporary allies until I can fully take over the clan or crush it beneath my boots.

Perhaps it's sad to view it in such a way, but I know what I am. This little relationship with them will never last. I'm too ambitious, and they're not ambitious enough. I'm sure that we'll clash at some point, for one reason or another.

Before that time comes, I need to lay the groundwork for that inevitable confrontation. If I want to counter them despite their vast resources, then I have to prepare. I need to figure out everything about them and know all they know. Every bit of knowledge they might have, I need to take.

This isn't just about their information on the programming magic. Really, that's just the excuse to start my little coup. I want everything they know. Information about other factions, history of the clan, general knowledge about magic and powers like Sacred Gears, and files on each and every personnel member who works for them. Powers, backgrounds, strengths, and weaknesses. With terrifying monsters within their ranks, I'd be stupid not to do my research.

For example, all I know about Goro Majima is that he has yokai blood like me. Proficient in Shin Youjutsu and has the strength, speed, and durability of a Satan-class combatant. But that's it. That's all I know. I've trained with him a few times, even sparred once or twice, but besides his unpredictable fighting style, he's given me nothing else to work with.

Then there's someone like Saejima, and all I know about him is that he has one of the Four Gods' Sacred Gear. And mind you, he managed to one-hit KO Ichiban in his cape mode. If I pick a fight with either of these monsters unprepared, I don't think even Excelsis would save me.

If I prepare accordingly, though, then I know nothing can stop me.

Though if I really want to hack into their systems, then there's something else I must do first, and that is to provoke them further using my villain persona. I've already planned out her whole motives and reasons for attacking the clan, so I want them to feel targeted. That this 'terrorist' isn't just doing this for the hell of it, but because she's an enemy of theirs.

…As well as every supernatural faction in existence.

I want this villain to gain a name for herself. I want her to be feared across all the realms. I want to give her a reason to attack indiscriminately. And, more importantly, I want to distinguish her from Akane Amamiya. And to do that, I had to give her a motive that I personally wouldn't give two shits about.

It'll all be exaggerated theatrics and drama when I assume that persona, and something tells me that's going to be very fun.

What can I say? I like acting.

But for now, there's a little fish that needs to be caught, and I'm hungry for sushi.

"Crystal Aloha resort…" Kiba mutters once I reveal Dwight's location to the group. "That's the place Issei and I were investigating."

"Hiding in the flashiest suite in the whole city," Irina sighs. "Somehow, I'm not very surprised."

"Same hotel we're staying at," Xenovia adds. "Can't believe we've never noticed him."

"I knew it. I knew he was there!" Issei says. "I even said it! Oh, it feels so good to be right!"

"Yeah, yeah, stop gloating." I roll my eyes. "Literally a child could've suspected it."

"Let the guy have his moment," Ichiban tells me. "So how are we gonna do this? Are we just gonna bum rush him before he gets a chance to escape?"

"First of all, it's how I'm going to do this." I remind him. "And I prefer to stroll right in there and politely knock on his door."

"I feel like he's going to see that coming," Xenovia says. "He probably has access to the cameras in the resort. If he sees you…"

"He won't see me coming."

"How do you know that for sure?"

"Cuz I'm going in with a disguise, obviously," I respond. "He won't even notice I'm there until I punch him in his stupid face."

"You got a disguise?" Irina raises an eyebrow.

"Yup. Snagged it off a cosplay store in Honolulu." From my inventory, I pull out a mildly familiar maid outfit and a short, light blue hair wig. "Among other things, of course."

"Huh. I didn't know you were into cosplay." Ichiban points out.

"It's a recent development." I give him a smug smile.

Unfortunately, he doesn't get it, blinking at me obliviously, even though it makes him look more adorable. It's fine, he'll understand what I mean soon enough. I know what sort of things he's into~

And I gotta say, good taste.

"Akane-san in a maid outfit…" Issei mumbles in awe. "Just what wouldn't I do to see that?"

Irina, clearly growing jealous of my superiority, crosses her arms and pouts.

"Wouldn't it still look odd?" Kiba questions. "A maid outfit in this weather is a bit… out of place, I would say."

"Don't worry, I still have this." I flick my hand as sunglasses appear in between my fingers. "It's the perfect disguise."

"'Perfect,' she says…" Xenovia looks unconvinced.

"I got this, alright?" I roll my eyes. "Yeah, sure, a maid cosplayer in some luxurious resort might not seem like the perfect idea, but I highly doubt this little idiot would even spare me a glance while I'm wearing this outfit. You know why?"

"Why?" Ichi asks.

"Because first, he'd be too busy looking out for one of us," I answer. "He wouldn't even notice me infiltrating his hotel. Second, this disguise is too stupid, so even if he suspects me for a second, he'll immediately dismiss it."

And third, a few invisibility and mirage spells can go a long way. But they don't need to know about my proficiency in illusion magic.

"Reverse psychology, huh…" Kiba hums. "I'll admit, I'm still not sure if this would work…"

"Yeah, it kinda feels like you're underestimating him a bit too much." Issei agrees. "Why can't we let Koneko do this? She's the stealth master here."

"You heard what Magnus said, didn't you?" I argue. "Ichi and I are the only ones who can comfortably beat him in a fight, so he's at least High-class level. I'm all for letting Koneko handle scouting missions, seeing her impressive track record, but I'm not willing to risk her safety for it."

"I'll be careful," Koneko says.

"I'm sure you would be, but remember what we're doing this for." I remind her. "This isn't a scouting mission. We want to capture and interrogate Dwight, and if he does end up being equal to you in strength or even stronger, then what hopes do you have of achieving that?"

"I can hold him off." She responds. "Then you can come and take him down."

Ugh, she's so persistent.

"The area he's in is very populated." I point out. "The less we do to capture him, the better."

"I suppose there's sense in that," Kiba says once Koneko struggles to find an argument. "But still, this plan feels risky."

"Eh, it does sound stupid, but it's like, too stupid it loops back into being smart. I got faith." Ichiban says, giving me a smile of encouragement. "I mean, come on, since when did any of Akane's plans get us in a bad place? I'm sure it'll work."

"Exactly." I nod, liking the fuzzy feeling in my chest. "I've never led you astray, and seeing how perfect I am, that's never going to happen."

"Well, here's hoping this will work." Irina sighs.

"Just leave it to me, okay?" I say confidently. "Besides, even if he recognizes me, I highly doubt he'd be able to hide before I get to him."

No way I'd let him get away, because unfortunately for Dwight, this Overseer asshole made this very personal. No way in hell I'd EVER let such mockery go unpunished. Just who the fuck does he think he is? He has no idea who he's messing with.

He doesn't get to fuck with me like this and get away with it. How fucking dare he even? I'm someone far above his pay grade. So utterly superior in every conceivable way that he should be honored to have gotten my attention. And I'll prove it to him before I inevitably devour his soul.

I'll crush everything he has built here. I will tear his little organization apart, make an example out of each and every one of his little pawns, then wring his neck as I kill that stupid goddess he's trying to revive. I won't rest until I've broken his spirit.

I want him begging me for mercy.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dehaka, A Simurgh Plot, HellFire28 and 42 others
Mirlnir
Apr 5, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 74: Two Down, Two Left New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
May 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,086
Edited by: Priapus, Maple, Marethyu


– Magnus –

Compared to the Barracuda, the Ganzhe were definitely far more careful in their movements, the CIA agent noted. The difference was like night and day— where Dwight's goons went on these 'parades' and pretended they owned the place, Wong Tou's bunch was a lot more low-key. They hid a lot better.

That's why he decided to take this part while leaving the kids with Dwight. As competent as they'd been so far, he didn't think their aggressive approach was going to work this time around. Unlike with Dwight and Yamai, they had zero information about Wong Tou and the Ganzhe. Where and who would they charge?

No, this needed a much more delicate solution. Perhaps afterward, when Magnus figured out where Wong hid, he'd get the kids' support. Because if one thing was for sure, it was how bafflingly powerful they were for people their ages. Backup like theirs was invaluable.

But for now, he was on his own.

It was difficult to even spot one of his subordinates walking around anywhere in Honolulu. And while Magnus knew that the Ganzhe was predominantly composed of Asians and Asian-Americans, that didn't really help all that much when a lot of Hawaii tourists were Asians.

Even worse was that they were using cloaking tech, so he couldn't even look for irregular powers to follow. Everyone felt and acted like a normal human, and although Magnus didn't use cloaking tech, he knew how to hide his energy well enough. He didn't know if they were aware of his identity for the longest time.

Thankfully, Magnus was also an experienced agent, and his Sacred Gear, Unknown Dictator, made missions like this relatively simple. The ability to sense, see, and manipulate all sorts of metals was incredible in this day and age. Moreover, his Unknown Dictator had evolved to the point where he could control technology to an extent.

So it was a little strange to find out thousands of cameras were hidden across Honolulu. Was this how the Overseer knew everything about the city? No, from how Yamai had put it, it seemed supernatural in nature. A clairvoyance technique or something, perhaps.

Regardless, seeing this helped Magnus immensely. Seeing through these cameras with his Sacred Gear made it almost laughably easy to figure things out. In particular, there was this one restaurant that a couple of different groups seemed to visit every few hours over the last few days.

Indeed, Magnus had been watching them for a while now. Pray tell, why did one need to visit the same Chinese restaurant several times a day? Magnus liked Chinese food, too, but he wouldn't want to have it every three hours. Something was definitely suspicious.

When he investigated, everything became clear. This place did, in fact, belong to Wong in some capacity, but it wasn't where he hid. And through the conversations he heard after hacking the phone of one of his goons and connecting it to his earpiece, he knew exactly where the bastard was hiding.

Good thing I know Mandarin. Magnus thought. Nirvana Hotel, huh?

A very expensive five-star hotel. A place that usually only upper-class people could actually afford. While still within Honolulu, it's about a ten-minute ride away from everything else. Far enough that in case a fight broke out, nothing should reach the city. Though there was no telling just how many innocent people lived there.

But a place that big would also be extremely well guarded. Magnus predicted that fighting through it might not be easy, assuming the Overseer gave Wong direct support. And who knew what the Pele lunatic had in his back pocket?

Regardless, his job here was done.

As he went to walk away from the Chinese restaurant, Magnus paused as he sensed something soaring toward him from a distance. The bullet aimed at his head froze mid-air as the Unknown Dictator responded to him, making the CIA agent frown. They knew he was here.

As the bullet didn't hit its mark and instead stopped right in its tracks, no civilian happened to notice that he was being shot at, but that didn't last very long, as, while Magnus shot said bullet back at the assailant, either killing them or destroying their weapon, more of the Ganzhe appeared, wielding swords and guns.

This caused a commotion, as people realized that whatever this was, it wasn't a joke once the criminals began shooting at Magnus. Attacking him in public? They must be growing very desperate.

Naturally, no blade or bullet reached him, either uselessly falling to the ground or bending and breaking apart. This, by itself, highly intimidated the Ganzhe goons, making them back off in surprise as Magnus grinned.

But they shouldn't be surprised.

After all, no metal could ever harm the Iron King.





– Dwight –

"Standby?" He parroted, almost in disbelief. "But sir—"

"Don't question my orders, Dwight." The Overseer responded, his tone even and cold. "You're not allowed to leave Hawaii. You still have a purpose."

With his phone in hand next to his cheek, the crimelord paused at the Overseer's answer as he paced around the suite, cold sweat trailing down his cheek. He occasionally looked out of the curtain wall, searching for the little bastards responsible for the destruction of his entire underground operation, knowing damn well they were coming for him next.

Because why wouldn't they? There was nothing for them left down there. They'd already wiped everything out. His factories, products, and even the customers weren't safe, seemingly. Moreover, whatever remained of the Barracuda had abandoned him to save their own hides.

Patient Zero, his saving grace against these fucking bastards, had been killed, and Dwight knew it had died because if it hadn't, it would've escaped and caused a ruckus on the surface. News about a disgusting, fleshy tentacle monster rampaging across Honolulu would be hard to contain, and it would've spread like wildfire, at least locally.

And he knew it had been released due to the earthquakes and sinkholes opening up in the city. That thing had probably gone berserk trying to destroy them. A monster like it had no self-control to speak of.

But there hadn't even been a peep about Patient Zero anywhere, meaning they'd killed it. They'd somehow killed the strongest monster Dwight had ever laid his eyes on, and now they were coming for him. What the hell was he supposed to do now? He stood no chance against them unless he used the prototype drug, and even then, it wasn't a guarantee.

Maybe against one of them, he could win, even counting the yakuza princess and the Red Dragon Emperor, but all of them together? He needed to escape. He had to if he wanted to live, because something told him that if that psychotic girl ever got her hands on him, he was dead.

Of course, even with the destruction of his underground operation, they had no way of actually finding Dwight, as he had made sure not to leave any evidence of his whereabouts, which was the only reason he wasn't panicking right now, but he wasn't going to take any chances

Unfortunately, before Dwight could run away, he had received a call from the Overseer to remain in place and not go anywhere. Dwight's queries as to why he should do that were met with a very polite 'Shut the fuck up'.

But at this point, as much as he was afraid of the Overseer, he really couldn't.

"Sir, they destroyed everything!" Dwight argued. "The Super Soldier program, the underground market— all of it! Most of my men have already left Hawaii, and now they're coming for my head!"

There was a pause before the Overseer responded.

"And?"

"…And they might kill me."

"Is this supposed to convince me, Dwight?" the Overseer asked. "You said it yourself: they've destroyed everything you've built here. Your operations have turned to dust. Your subordinates have abandoned you. The Barracuda has fallen. You are worthless."

Bastard… Dwight scowled, his fist clenching in anger.

"Your death is the least of my concerns. Or, it should be," He added, "Had I not cared about you, I would've cut contact already. Understand that I am giving you a chance to redeem yourself."

Dwight remained silent.

"If you set even a foot outside your suite, only death awaits you. No doubt." The Overseer continued. "Obey me, and you will have a future. Your objective is to remain where you are and await further orders."

The crimelord relaxed slightly, and although he did not believe the Overseer's word, he knew that he didn't really have a choice in the matter.

"…Got it."

"I will send someone over to get you soon, rest assured," the Overseer. "In the meantime, do make sure to entertain your guest."

Dwight blinked.

"My guest…?"

But before he could get an answer, the Overseer ended the call. Right after, the doorbell of his suite rang loudly.

"Room service!"

Dwight paused and frowned, cautiously approaching the door. He was sure he had the switch on Do Not Disturb, so no one should be bothering him. Was this one of the Overseer's subordinates? But he said 'soon,' not 'now.'

Dwight looked through the peephole of the door, spotting a strangely dressed maid with short blue hair. Several red flags were raised, as that was not how the housekeepers of the resort dressed, and once she stared back at him with glowing red eyes and a smirk, Dwight felt a shiver run down his spine.

But he couldn't react fast enough as the maid kicked the door off its hinges, sending it and the crimelord to the other side of the suite. He quickly pushed the broken door away and got up, staring in shock at the maid casually strolling in.

"Hello~" She greeted with a giggle, seemingly relishing his frightened look. "Nice to finally meet you~"

Whether it was seeing her flowing long black hair after she threw the wig away or the painful cold beginning to set in, that was when Dwight recognized her for who she was.

"You're probably wondering how I got here without you noticing." Akane Amamiya said. "Scratch that, you're probably wondering how I found you in the first place."

If anything, Dwight was wondering how the hell he was supposed to get out of this situation. The one person he didn't want to encounter decided to directly confront him like this. Without any backup, seemingly…

Dwight glanced at his desk for a split second before returning his gaze toward the monstrously powerful girl in front of him. If he could get the drug, then maybe…

"What you might not have known about me, Dwight, is that not only am I a princess of peerless beauty and a powerful cryomancer who could probably kill you ten times before you realize what happened," She said. "But also a genius mechanical engineer, programmer, and hacker. Finding your whereabouts was always a matter of time for someone like me."

Slowly, Dwight inched toward his desk, keeping the girl in his line of sight. Akane did not seem concerned as she continued her monologue.

"Honestly, though, I'm surprised you didn't try to escape. I dismantled your entire organization, and you're still here? What? Do you really think you're strong enough to fight me? Please. I could kill you in my sleep." She rolled her eyes with a laugh. "But really, what were you thinking, sending your dumbass, roided-up grunts to bother me? These stupid parades you let them go on are like the opposite of 'organized' in organized crime. It's almost like you want to get crushed. Also, you think they could've stopped me from finding you? You're as stupid as you look."

She was starting to get on his nerves.

"I guess they're good enough to bully normal people, but me? Buddy, I killed Kokabiel and Shalba Beelzebub. I'm way out of your league." She scoffed. "I mean, come on, even if you thought those were just rumors, you must've seen the tournament, right?"

It had quickly become apparent to him that this bitch loved hearing her own voice, and Dwight used it to his advantage as he reached his desk, quietly taking the envelope sitting underneath it.

"Seriously, not even your disgusting pet down there could've stopped me. Putting it down barely took any effort. It was almost sad, but mostly it was disappointing. I expected some challenge." She shrugged with a deep sigh. "Trashing your little black market was pretty fun, though. You don't mind that I took a few things as souvenirs, right? Not that I'd care if you did. They're mine now by right of conquest."

Dwight slipped his hand into the envelope, searching for the vial as he kept eye contact with the girl while she kept on yapping. His heart sank as he couldn't find it, glancing down at the empty piece of paper as his blood ran cold.

"Anyway, what's this thing?"

Dwight, drawn by her voice, glanced at her, seeing the drug sitting between her index and thumb. He stared at her in pure shock as she casually inspected it up close.

"H-how did you—" He stammered. "You were— I was—"

"What? You think I didn't notice?" She raised an eyebrow at him. "I have eyes, dumbass. I saw you walking to your desk. And no way in hell do you stand a chance in a fight against me, so it couldn't have been for some tactical advantage."

Seeing no other way out of this without the drug, Dwight took two of his machetes hidden beneath the desk and charged at the smug bitch, but as he swung his blades, Akane effortlessly caught them and countered with a punch to the face, sending him crashing into his desk.

Dwight grunted, his cheek flaring in pain as he stood back up. That didn't hurt as much as he thought it would, but from her amused smirk, he knew she was holding back on him.

"And what did you think that would accomplish? Idiot." She mocked before gazing at the drug. "I'm guessing you were hoping to use this to gain an edge against me?"

Dwight's hands over his machetes tightened as he watched her approach the curtain wall. He knew this would be prime time to attack again, with Akane giving him her back, but if she snatched the drug that fast without him even noticing, then there was quite literally nothing he could do.

"But now, it's in my hand." She said, turning to look at him. "Here it is. Your only chance at victory…"

And as she clenched her fist in an attempt to crush the vial, Dwight knew he had lost the fight…

…Only for Akane to open her hand, revealing the vial intact. Confused, Dwight wondered what she was doing before she threw the drug at him, and as he caught it, he looked at her in genuine bewilderment.

"…is meaningless." She finished, tilting her head forward as her grin turned dangerous. "So go ahead. Use it."

Dwight stared at the vial and, slowly, his shock gave way to confidence as he began to chuckle.

"You're a different kind of stupid, aren't you?" He said, taking the plug off the vial. "Arrogance was the downfall of many, little girl."

"Everyone who said that to me has ended up six feet under." She fired back. "This won't be any different. I'll crush you either way, so you might as well go out with a bang. Aren't I just generous?"

Instead of responding, Dwight gulped down the drug and threw the vial away, shattering it against the floor. In an instant, draconic energy invaded his very blood. He grunted and growled, his body convulsing and growing larger and larger. His energy surged, power increasing significantly. He was ten— no, maybe a hundred times stronger than he had been before.

Power like this would've turned his Barracuda into a truly fearsome army. Perhaps he could've taken over Honolulu and wiped out the Overseer with it. Oh, if only it had been perfected before these idiotic kids got involved.

His eyes, once brown and dark, now glowed a fiery orange as he stared at the still-grinning princess.

But it didn't matter now. Revenge was at hand.

"You should've killed me when you had the chance." He told her.

Before Akane could respond, Dwight charged toward her, making her expression drop as he slashed her with his machete. The force of the attack was great enough to shake the entire building, shatter the glass behind her, and launch her outside the resort, sending her toward the sea.

Dwight stepped forward, foot on the edge of the now-shattered curtain wall as he stared below. Civilians on the beach were running away in a panic, screaming and crying out for help, but no sign of any of her little friends.

Good. He thought with a grin, leaping forward and following after her.

Killing kids wasn't usually something he went looking for, but he couldn't fucking wait to see the looks on their faces once he sent the stupid bitch back to them in pieces.





– Akane –

Probably wasn't the brightest idea to let him take that dumb drug of his. Not out of concern for myself, of course. His attack did hurt a little bit, that much I'll admit, but enough to make me worry? Nah, I'm good. I'm really more concerned about having to explain why I let him do this to the others, seeing that we are — or were — in a public space when he decided to attack me with that much force.

Or, I would be worried had I not thought about it. But I'm a genius, so of course I have.

Anyway, I need the EXP, and defeated enemies who have powered up do give me more EXP, even if their souls don't. So, you know, I had to min-max a bit, seeing how fucking weak this Dwight dipshit is. Really, barely half as strong as Yamai, and we know how I handled that imbecile.

With this drug, though… About Shalba's level, maybe? Stronger, but nowhere near as strong as he was when buffed by Ophis' blessing. So, while it's not going to be a cakewalk, my chances of victory are still pretty much 95%. The five percent of me losing is some other Overseer subordinate of his, with the same power level, getting involved in the fight and making it 2v1. Also, this isn't counting Excelsis.

…So my chances of winning are basically 100%. Maybe it is a cakewalk after all.

Still a pretty powerful drug, honestly. I'm surprised they managed to make something like this. It's very likely gonna fuck him up once the effects wear off, though. No way a power-up like this is free.

If it were, his grunts would've been a lot more troublesome.

And yeah, obviously it's temporary. It also resonated well with him, given his somewhat high power in his base state. Again, a complete bitch compared to me, but we're talking about ME after all. Magnus was correct when he said that only Ichi and I could beat him. Presumably the blue dipshit, too, if I had to guess.

"You seem deep in thought. Despite the situation at hand," Lucy states as he floats next to me. "What are you thinking about, dear?"

"Oh, nothing much," I reply. "Just wondering how yummy his soul is going to be~"

"You are insatiable." Lucifer chuckles.

Probably no different than what I had from those randoms in that underground market, since his power is about that level, too, but those tasted very good.

Still flying through the air, I glance down at the ocean below me and eventually decide that this is far enough, breaking my momentum and floating down. Moments before my feet touch the waves, they freeze over and create a massive platform extending quite far. Look at me, being nice and making a cute little arena for us.

…It's a little uneven, though, and that is bothering me, so with a wave of my hand, I flatten it to the perfect level, making me smile in satisfaction.

Looking down, my smile turns into a frown as I see the large cut on my maid cosplay outfit. Ugh, and I liked this one, too. Not the sort of thing I thought I'd ever wear, honestly. I mean, me? A maid? Well, if it would make Ichiban all cute and flustered, then YES.

And what can I say? I like Re:Zero.

…I should do more cosplay. Aside from having to wear a wig sometimes, it's actually a lot more fun than I thought it would be.


A real hobby, for once.
​

Oh, fuck off, you cosmic piece of shit.

"Oi, Akane!"

I put a hand on my earpiece as I hear Ichiban's voice coming from it.

"What happened? We saw the explosion." He asks. "Are you okay?"

"Of course, I'm okay, Ichi," I respond after turning off the mute button. "It's gonna take way more than that to hurt me. You should know this."

"Oh, thank god." He sighs in relief. "Where are you right now? I don't see you anywhere."

"Somewhere at sea," I answer, looking around. Yup, water as far as the eyes can see. Sheesh. "His attack launched me pretty far. I'm almost impressed."

"You need any backup?"

"Nah, I'm doing fine. He couldn't hurt me even if he tried." I scoff playfully. "Say, once I'm through with him, wanna go on that date you asked me out on?"

"Is this really the time to be talking about a date?" He responds in exasperation, though I do detect hints of amusement.

"It's a yes or no question, Ichi."

I hear him sigh deeply before answering.

"Yeah, sure." He says, trying to sound nonchalant. He's so cute… "I'd like that."

"Great!" I smile, spotting Dwight in the distance. "Then I'll see you soon~"

"Be careful, Akane."

I turn on the mute button, just for safe measure, in case I do or say something… unsavory. Probably suspicious enough that I have a mute button in the first place, but I couldn't exactly say no when Ichi brought up the idea of me making earpieces for everyone instead of using our phones to communicate.

So that's on him. No worries, though, as Nemesis is actually taking care of it. Everything I or anyone else says is instantly rephrased into something less reprehensible/suspicious. Basically, if I say something like 'Your soul is mine!', everyone else on the other side hears 'time to die!' or 'surrender while you still can'. You know, something harmless. Something 'good guy Akane' would say.

And if I ever want to get my story straight, Nemesis records everything and puts it into a script for me to read or hear. Pretty cool, isn't it? That's why whatever happened back there at his suite is probably already taken care of. Oh, to have a superpowered AI assistant. How did I ever live this long without him?

Eventually, Dwight lands on the ice platform I made, in his silly little draconic power-up, looking really confident for someone who is about to get folded like an omelette. Though I guess I can understand. This sort of thing tends to make you feel invincible. I have a very angry and evil stick that does the same.

And I did feel what it's like to have draconic power coursing through me once upon a time when Ichi shared his Balance Breaker with me.

"So, then…" I start. "You landed a hit, and now you think you're about to win."

"You really should have killed me, you stupid bitch." He insists with a grin, gripping his machetes tightly. "You're going to regret messing with me."

"Uh-huh." I roll my eyes, creating a sword in my right hand. "Just mind the hair while swinging those toys around, alright? Took me way too long to grow it out to this length."

Actually, I don't know if Ichi likes it this long. I should ask him later.

He clicks his tongue and charges forward, swinging both machetes at me with decent force, but I block them easily enough with my ice blade. The ice beneath us cracks open, but I quickly fix it with a tap of my foot before pushing him back. I don't immediately attack back, though, and instead remain on the defensive to analyze his pattern and style.

Dual-wielding is significantly harder to master than using a single weapon, but there's some skill in his movement. Machetes aren't really a good reference for typical fencing, and need less skill to use than the saber I'm using. So, beyond the basics of using his whole body to swing instead of his arms, he's pretty damn easy to read.

That's not counting the speed difference, of course.

I deflect one of his attacks and, with a relaxed smile, slash his leg, chest, and arm at the same time it took him to swing once, only creating very shallow cuts. Intentionally. Because ending this too quickly would be too boring. Though I can tell his power is increasing, and I know he knows. Will it reach a level where he starts pushing me back before it bites him in the ass?

Well, unless he can last three years in this state, then probably not.

Ducking underneath one of his swings, I dash forward and slip away from him, slashing him in the back. He turns around with another wide swing of both blades, and I parry his slow strike by kicking his hand, making him drop one of his machetes. Before he can recover, I punch him in the face, flinging him over the ice floor.

He quickly gets up, growling and charging at me. Considerably faster than before, Dwight does land a few hits. A slash across my sword arm, a shallow one on my cheek, and a small wound on my thigh. A smile is etched on my face the entire time, though, and that infuriates him further and further.

"HRRAUAAAH!" He screams, swinging his machete downward.

I evade by side-flipping away, making him miss me by a hair's breadth as he smashes his blade against the frozen ocean.

"Too slow~" I taunt him with a giggle. "What was it again?"

Enraged, Dwight tries again, swinging his machete wildly, hoping to catch me. But I dodge each and every single one of his swings, letting them barely miss me, as well. All to get on his nerves. Eventually, though, I catch his arm mid-swing, stopping him in his place.

"You're going to make me regret messing with you?"

My smirk widens as I freeze his hand.

"Rgh?!" He grunts, looking at his frozen hand in shock. Before he can react, I crush it into tiny icy particles. "AAARGH?!"

"It's something you idiots always love to say before you end up battered and broken beneath me." I continue as his other machete falls next to us. "Seriously, could you come up with a new line for once? So unoriginal…"

As I let him go, Dwight takes a few steps back, an expression of fear, desperation, and anger on his face.

"I mean, I'm a villain, too, but you'd never catch me saying something so corny," I say with a hand on my hip, to his utter confusion. "Just thinking about it makes me cringe so bad I want to die."

Lucifer snorts. For reasons that are utterly alien to me.

Faster than he could comprehend, I kick Dwight in the face and force him to fall on his rear.

"Though, I guess you wouldn't know." I hum, my arm turning as dark as the void. "Oh well—"

"You are forgetting to interrogate him about the Overseer, darling." Lucifer suddenly says.

"Oh, true. Good catch, Lucy," I nod, confusing Dwight even further. "So, before I kill you, mind telling me who and where the Overseer is? If you don't make this difficult, I'll make your death nice and painless."

"You're such a liar." Lucifer chuckles.

Seeing that I'm not taking him seriously in any way, Dwight's rage reaches its boiling point as his growl turns into a loud roar, and his power explodes, reaching unexpected heights. With his right hand shattered, Dwight still charges at me with newfound speed, striking me in the face before dragging me through the icy floor and below into the ocean.

The rate at which his power is growing is a little surprising. Each strike feels significantly heavier than the last, even though we're underwater. My HP is actually decreasing quite a bit every time he attacks me. But what's even more surprising is his sudden and newfound ability to use draconic energy in its raw form, blasting me with energy waves that honestly hurt a little.

As I see the burn mark across my arm after blocking one of his beams, I frown, and with crystal wings sprouting out of my back, I grab Dwight by the throat and drag him to the surface and out of the water, throwing him back down before throwing a giant pillar of ice his way.

He flips and lands on the ice platform, leaping toward the pillar and smashing through it with raw strength before attempting to hit me again, but I'm still way faster and see it coming, blocking the attack with a reinforced ice barrier.

The shattered pillar, now turned into thousands of shards suspended in the air, shoots toward the idiot crimelord, stabbing him in the back. Surprisingly, they don't straight-up pierce him and turn him into a pincushion as his power increases further and further.

Eventually, with a wave of draconic energy, all the ice stuck onto him melts away as he breaks through the barrier, his fist reaching me and hitting me in the cheek and pushing me back.

Instead of letting this annoy me, I give him a smile as I see him floating in front of me, panting in exhaustion and fury.

"And what's this supposed to be?" I ask with my arms crossed, still very casual. "Your second wind? Or dying gasp?"

"DIEEE!" He roars, charging forward again.

This time, though, I catch his fist and respond with an earth-shattering gut-punch that leaves him reeling.

"Either way, it doesn't matter," I add next to his ear, this time with a tone as cold as my ice. "You never stood a chance to begin with."

As I strike him down toward the platform, I force a flower of ice to sprout out of the floor, sharp petals piercing his back and shoulders, to which I follow up with a stomp so powerful it shatters said flower and sends him deep into the sea, causing a giant splash of water that casts a tiny rainbow.

I float down, quickly noting that the battle is over once he takes longer than three seconds to come up, and eventually send a few ice-made birds to dive into the water to get him. Much as I'd love to let him drown, I still need him for his information and soul.

With my guidance, the ice birds find him immediately and bring him up, throwing him down next to me. Dwight coughs violently as the draconic power exits his body, leaving him utterly vulnerable. Not like he wasn't before, but now he's extra vulnerable. Like, his chances of 'winning' went from 0% to -15%.

I give him a little courtesy to catch his breath, because I'm feeling nice, I guess, but eventually, with my foot pressing down on his head, I start.

"So, Mr. Dwight? Getting back to what we were talking about before…" I say. "You know where the Overseer is hiding?"

Instead of showing some modicum of self-respect and/or loyalty, Dwight immediately breaks.

"I-I don't know! I swear I don't know!" He answers. "I-I know nothing about him! Who he is, where he is, or what he wants!"

"Really think I'd ever believe that?" I raise an eyebrow. "What, do his orders come in the mail, too?"

"I-I don't know—"

I stomp on his head, forcing his face to dig into the painful ice. He grunts and cries out in agony.

"Don't make this any harder for yourself, Dwight," I warn him coldly as his arm and legs begin to slowly freeze. "My patience's already running thin."

As I lift the pressure off his head, I speak.

"Last chance."

"I-I just know that he's not in Hawaii!" He answers.

"Oh? Do tell."

"H-he's not even on Earth!" He says, giving me pretty valuable info. "He's in a mirror realm!"

"Where and what is this realm?"

"I don't know— NGGH?!" He grunts as I force him to snack on sharp ice.

"Tsk tsk, and you were making so much progress~"

"I swear that's all I know!" He insists. "I told you everything!"

"I dunno…"

"I do believe he's telling the truth, Akane," Lucifer says. "I highly doubt this Overseer would entrust such a pathetic excuse of a lifeform with as much information as you are hoping for."

Probably not. But I haven't had my fill yet.

…Though, something about this isn't as fun as I thought it would be.

"Please. Please let me go." He begs me. "I-I promise I'll stay out of your way from now on. I'll even help you look for him."

I take a moment to think it through, and while I'm not letting him go no matter what he says, I do wonder…

"Bark for me."

"H-huh?"

"I said bark for me," I repeat. "And I'll let you go."

"Oh, how vicious." Lucifer laughs. "To strip a man of his dignity with no intention of letting him live. Truly, you are despicable."

As Dwight hesitates, I once again put pressure on his head, which convinces him to do as I say.

"W-woof…"

"Louder."

"Woof!" He barks. "Woof!"

…Eugh, nah. Seeing him fearing for his life is great and all, but humiliating him doesn't really make me feel anything.

It's boring when they break so fast.

"Oh, well. Worth a shot." I sigh, lifting Dwight up by his hair as my right arm becomes infused with Devour. "Say bye-bye, little Barracuda."

"W-wait—"

As I thrust my arm into his heart, I grip his soul. Dwight looks at me with an expression not unlike any of my past devour victims. An expression of fear and horror, despair and hopelessness, desperation and pleading.

An expression I've grown oh-so fond of.

Unfortunately, this time, I'm rudely interrupted by a blast hitting me in the back, forcing me to let go of Dwight's soul. This moment of surprise is quickly followed by someone kicking me in the face, pushing me away.

The attack itself, while painful, doesn't injure me, but to say it didn't piss me off would be lying, and as I stare at the one responsible, I scowl. A man in a yellow outfit not dissimilar to the one I saw Bryce wearing— an outfit of a Palekana, it seems, just sleeveless and with a hood that obscures his face. He's holding a serrated sword in one hand as his other glows with immense magical energy.

It feels almost… divine?

Name: Rodriguez

Title: Pele's Chosen

HP - 700,000

MP - 750,000

SP - 500,000

Race - Human

LVL - 845

STR - 6351

END - 5810

DEX - 5931

INT - 1702

WIS - 1206

CHA - 100

LUK - 100

Another worm gets in my way.

He says nothing as he grabs Dwight by his collar.

"That's my lunch," I tell him. "Drop him. Now."

Suddenly, an orange wormhole-looking portal opens up behind them, but with me so much faster than either this new dickhead or Dwight, I charge forward to stop them from leaving.

Only for the portal itself to shoot me with a ball of magma of baffling magical power. Although not a direct hit, it grazes me, and the searing heat of the spell draws a hiss of pain from me as I'm forced to back off, quickly putting out the fires caught by my outfit.

What the hell was that? Where did it come from? If I had taken that head-on, I might've been killed.

I sneer as this idiot tries to take Dwight through the portal. If I can't have my lunch…

"You wish," I growl, pointing my finger at them and releasing two ice bullets.

Although Rodriguez manages to block the attack with his sword, Dwight isn't so lucky, as the bullet pierces his throat, likely hitting an artery, and blood flows out of the wound like a fountain. I can hear his coughing and choking as the portal closes behind them, leaving me all alone in the middle of the ocean.

"Tsk…" I click my tongue, turning to face Lucifer with a glare. "What's the matter with you? Why didn't you warn me that that idiot was attacking me?"

"I did." He replied coolly.

Instead of going off on the literal Devil God, I keep my temper in check, knowing this isn't going to end well for me in any way, and sigh deeply.

"Fuckin'…" I rub my temples. "Well, I may not have gotten his soul, but at least I got some information. Still a win, I'd say."

…It'd be a better win if—

Level up!

Ah, there it is. Finally bled out to death.

"Quite." Lucifer agrees, a hand on his chin. "A mirror realm, he said?"

"You don't know it?"

"I'm afraid not." He shakes his head. "Mirror realms are usually… man-made, rather than something that has always existed. They are darker reflections of what they are based on, and in this case, I suppose it would be a mirror of Hawaii. This Overseer may have created said realm to hide in."

"Meaning it's gonna be really difficult to find," I mutter. "But teleportation circles are way harder to track, so a portal appearing like that might mean it won't be as complicated, after all."

Moreover, this Rodriguez guy. His title was Pele's Chosen, and Pele was the one the Palekana worshipped. Palekana is the same group Bryce is the sage of, so that's yet another piece of proof that he IS the Overseer.

…Just thinking about that son of a bitch is pissing me off. I should stop.

The rest probably want to hear about this.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dehaka, CILinkz, ttealy and 40 others
Mirlnir
May 23, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 75: Villainous Debut New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jun 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,090
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, Maple



Right after dealing with Dwight, I, as well as everyone else except Magnus, who's still on his part of the investigation, return to the resort to discuss what happened. It was straightforward enough, I suppose. I did leave out the part where I killed Dwight, though. I doubt we'd see him again, and I can easily blame the Palekana for killing him after they 'rescued' him.

I highly doubt anyone would ask about Dwight, anyway. He seemed the sort to be immediately forgotten after death. A nameless NPC mob who thought he was bigger than he actually was.

Glancing at the TV from the corner of my eye, I can't help but grin in mild amusement. 'Terrorist Attack in Crystal Aloha Resort'? Really? Is that the best explanation they could come up with? Well, I guess it happened too suddenly to really define it properly, but I highly doubt anyone would believe this.

Being honest, humanity would be stupid enough. They tend to believe anything they see on TV. Or, well, anything that suits the narrative they've built up in their heads, regardless of the evidence presented in front of them. Any other day, I'd be ashamed to be part of this worthless species, but this implies a problem of self-hatred. A problem someone as great as I doesn't have.

I suppose they do have redeeming qualities, however. After all, ignoring my yokai heritage, they've given me existence, so perhaps humanity does deserve salvation. Perhaps a hand to guide them. A leader they can look up to. A real savior and the subject of their worship. And they'll get one soon enough.

But I digress.

Although there were no casualties and only a few dozen injuries, this and what happened that night with the sinkholes are obvious indications of supernatural activity for those in the know, and that's not good for me right now, because the Yakuza will get involved soon. After all, they can't risk their precious princess getting hurt.

And that's why I'm going to stop them from doing that. I can't let them interfere, not when I'm this close to catching that Bryce bastard and possibly devouring the soul of a god. Even if their support could be invaluable here, I know I don't need it. I don't need them. I've proven my own strength time and time again.

How am I going to stop them, you ask? Simply by changing their priorities from 'Protect Akane' to 'Catch the motherfucker hacking our systems'. I have all the tools I need to pull it off. It's really just a matter of time.

But that's for later. I still have a date to get ready for.

"A man-made mirror realm, huh…" Ichiban hums. "I guess that explains how no one caught him yet. I bet something like that is tough to find."

"Try impossible," Irina says with a resigned sigh. "I mean, mirror realms aren't like dimensions like the Underworld or something. They're really complicated to locate. Like a needle in a haystack, except the haystack is the size of infinity."

"Still, it's a step in the right direction," Issei replies. "We know where he isn't right now."

"Does that even help?" Irina mumbles, not confident in our odds.

"Of course it does," I respond. "Because right now, all we have to do is trick him into opening another portal there."

Because, as I've proven already, I can open doorways between dimensions. If one of my Spyders or even Bronze Spheres manages to enter that mirror realm, then we practically win. Yes, these people don't know I actually have a whole portal machine working, but they don't have to.

I can simply make another machine, maybe a dimension breacher rather than an actual portal maker. It shouldn't be too hard to build, nor should it take too much time with Nemesis' assistance. A couple of hours, maybe. If not, then perhaps a way to help either Koneko or Kiba cast a teleportation spell directly to wherever that realm is.

That's how terrible my portal machine is in hindsight. Simple demonic spells can replicate anything that machine can do. Then again, it always was a placeholder until I got my hands on that devil chick's portal magic. Instantaneous, doesn't need stupid magic circles, can be used in combat. That's the real deal.

"Simply analyzing the portal will get us to wherever he's hiding," I add before Irina can bring down the mood with her shitty attitude. "We didn't win the battle this time, yeah, but as long as he doesn't find Lani before we find him, then we win the war."

And while I couldn't get Dwight's soul, I killed him and got some EXP. Still frustrating as fuck, but I'll take the little wins where I can get them. Eventually, they add up.

"I guess…" Irina mumbles, making me frown.

What the hell is wrong with her? Why is she being such a downer? Doesn't she understand that we're pretty much winning right now?

"What's wrong?" I feel curious enough to ask. "What are you so concerned about?"

Irina hesitates for a split second before answering.

"I don't know, don't you think that things have been a little too easy?" She says. "The Barracuda roping you into this in the first place, Yamai randomly showing up to attack you, everything with Dwight and the Black Market— all of it has been conveniently going our way."

I wait for her to finish.

"Yamai told us that he has a way to somehow see and predict everything we do and plan, and sure, Yamai might just be easy to figure out, but what if that's not the case? What if the Overseer has some sort of power that lets him do these things?" She continues. "What if all this was him lulling us into a false sense of security, and then, when we least expect it, dupe us and get away with what he's doing?"

Irina's suggestion somewhat resonates with the rest of the group, as I can almost sense their confidence dwindling the longer they think about it. Me? Oh, I pretty much knew this a while ago. I'm honestly a little impressed by Irina. I didn't expect her to notice it either.

It's easy to ignore these things when it genuinely feels like you're getting closer and closer to your goal. It makes you short-sighted, and short-sightedness makes you very easy to manipulate.

…I know this firsthand.

"Hold on, even if that's the case, how is that going to help him?" Ichi is the first to argue. "He wants Lani, not us, and we're here to stop him."

"He's hoping we find her for him," I explain, drawing everyone's attention. "With the Bronze Spheres scouring all of Hawaii, it's only a matter of time before we find her, and the moment we do, he gets what he wants."

"Then you've noticed it too, haven't you?" Irina asks.

"Of course I have." I scoff. I noticed way more than just that. "I know we're walking straight into a trap."

She blinks as the rest look at me in confusion.

"What do you mean?"

"He wants Lani because whatever she has, it can be used to revive his goddess. She's essential to his goals," I remind them. "And he knows that we're his best chance at finding her. We have the resources and means to do so, while he's stuck in Honolulu in fear of attracting the wrong crowd."

i.e., factions that can wipe him out in seconds. He's nigh-invincible in his turf, but not outside of it.

"The moment we find her, I can guarantee you that all this secrecy and tip-toeing bullshit he's doing will immediately stop. He won't rest until he gets her hands on her, even if that means torching Honolulu to the ground." I add. "But that's where he fucks up, because the Overseer has no idea who he's messing with."

"How?" Irina questions. "If he gets Lani, doesn't he win?"

"That's true, but who told you we're just going to let him do that?" I respond with a grin. "He's going to try as hard as he can to get her, and eventually, he will slip, and that's exactly our time to strike."

With whatever possible clairvoyance spell he's using to see me specifically blocked off by my bond with Excelsis, Bryce is most likely very cautious around me. However, he still doesn't know what I'm really planning, and neither will any of my friends, because that's just a window into my mind, and I can't have that. Plus, by peering into their minds, he'd be fed false information, which gives me the advantage.

Even if it's the actual future he's seeing, my fate, therefore, what I intend on doing, remains concealed. Would that also be enough to indirectly hide the fates of everyone else as a side effect? Maybe, maybe not. It's still a risk, but at this point, it's my best chance.

At the same time, wherever Lani is, she's outside of his range, so when I find Lani, I'll have secured a way to his realm, because Lani is my Trojan Horse. When Bryce catches her, she'll have several Spyders on her that will immediately scatter when they've infiltrated the mirror realm. Through them, I'll very easily locate the dimension he's hiding in.

Letting her get caught by Bryce has another purpose since she has what he needs to revive Pele. Something tells me it runs the risk of Lani losing her life, but that's a risk I'd gladly take. Politically, she's a nobody, and to me, her worth is nothing more than a speck of dirt.

Her death serves a grander purpose, so really, she should be honored.

"So far, none of his little minions posed a threat to any of us, so it's safe to assume that we're far more powerful than anything he could throw our way." I continue. Not counting Pele. "So as long as we stay around Lani, then it's doubtful he could even lay a finger on her."

"I don't know…" Irina remains unconvinced. "I still don't like this."

My smile drops as I grow tired of her demoralizing attitude.

"Oh, I'm sorry my idea isn't to your liking," I ask with a sharp tone. "Do you have a plan?"

"N-not really…" She replies with a wince, detecting my frustration.

"Then why the hell are you questioning me?" I snap. "If you're going to shit over anything I suggest, you better have an alternative. Otherwise, shut the fuck up, you patronizing bitch."

Irina's eyes widen, startled at my venomous response. Everyone else looks equally surprised, seemingly unsure where this was coming from. They shouldn't be. She's being annoying.

"Woah, calm down." Ichi is the first to speak. "That's a bit too much, Akane. What the hell was that about? Irina's just understandably concerned."

"Concerned is one thing, but she's plain unhelpful," I argue. "Her criticism doesn't even amount to anything beyond 'feeling bad.' How the hell is this going to help any of us?"

"Even then, at the very least, that's not how you should talk to someone who is only worried about the innocent lives at stake." He remains firm. "Telling her off just because she's not sure about what we're doing is not necessary."

"So, what? I should comfort her? Get real. If she has zero faith in herself or those around her, then she should put down the sword and stay here until we handle this." I scoff. "I don't want an indecisive crybaby dragging us down because her tummy felt bad."

With tears gathering in the corner of her eyes, Irina looks down and away from me but remains quiet.

"How dare you talk to Irina like that?!" Xenovia scowls at me, standing up all of a sudden. "Whether we agreed to follow your orders or not, you're in no position to treat her or anyone else here badly!"

"Follow my orders? You idiots can't even keep your worthless opinions to yourselves." I sneer. "Everything I say and tell you to do just has to be met with a retort, and I'm frankly getting really sick of you."

Xenovia bares her teeth at me as her hand hovers over her sword, but doesn't do anything else, because both of us know how this would end. If she tries drawing her little stick, she loses her hand.

"Akane!" Asia snaps at me, looking uncharacteristically upset.

"I wish you even had something smart to say. All I ever hear from you morons is pointless and asinine jabbering by someone who can barely function outside of hitting something with a sword," My stare sharply switches to Irina. "And a defeatist who would rather stay here with her thumbs shoved firmly up her ass than do anything else."

"That's enough!" Ichiban yells, becoming increasingly annoyed. "Knock it off!"

Instead of tripling down, I hold my tongue out of regard for the only one here who even deserves my respect. I cross my arms and keep my glare on the two exorcists. The blue idiot looks at me with an expression of anger and, surprisingly, mild distress, while Irina avoids eye contact entirely.

The tension grows heavier by the second until, eventually, Xenovia's scowl drops as she glances at Irina before quickly switching back to me. Although still enraged by my insults, she holds almost impressive control over her emotions as her sword arm drops to her side.

"I see. If that's how you feel." Xenovia says. "I suppose I was wrong about you. Come on, Irina. We're going."

As the blue idiot helps up her mildly confused partner, I raise an eyebrow, admittedly feeling curious enough to ask.

"Wrong about me?" I mutter in askance, tilting my head to the side. "What's that supposed to mean?"

Xenovia visibly pauses before answering.

"I thought you were more reasonable. That's all." She says. "Someone with your incredible skill, great courage, and excellent leadership— you made me think you were someone I could admire."

I frown, but don't say anything as she continues.

"Those traits made me blind to who you truly are. There were signs, but I ignored them." She adds. "Because how could that be when you surround yourself by wonderful people? It didn't make sense."

"Get to the point." I roll my eyes.

Xenovia looks at me directly, fearless as the day I met her.

"You're really nothing but a bully and a narcissist." She claims. "You tend to joke about it, but you do think you're always right. Someone who is above criticism. You believe Irina and I are beneath you. That's why you treat us this way."

I remain quiet.

"I can't work with or for someone like you." Xenovia's eyes narrow as her hand over Irina tightens. "And I certainly won't allow such disrespect for my partner to slide, so we're taking our leave."

"But—" Issei starts, trying to stop them.

"This decision is final." Xenovia cuts him off. "We're grateful for everything you've done for us, but we will tolerate this no longer."

She drags her partner toward the front door, as no one else tries to stop them, either respecting her decision or lacking the courage to do so. As Xenovia stops by the front door, she looks back at us and says her goodbyes.

"Take care."

And with that, the massive pain in my ass finally leaves me the fuck alone. God, I should've done this a long time ago. Can't believe telling her what I actually thought would be enough to get her to piss off. I should be more honest more often.

"Alright, back to what we're talking about—"

I'm immediately interrupted by Issei slamming his hands on the table and glaring at me for some reason.

"What's wrong with you?!" He raises his voice at me. Oh wow, that's a first. "Why would you say that to them?!"

"Say what? The truth?" I raise an eyebrow, unfazed by whatever tantrum he's throwing.

"The truth?!" He looks at me like I said something crazy. "Calling them worthless and idiots— that's not truthful at all! You're just being a bitch!"

"Watch your fucking tone, Issei," I scowl, the air becoming several degrees colder. Who the hell does this moron think he is? "Unless you want to be thrown out with them, you'd keep it to yourself."

"What's gotten into you?!" Asia calls out, utterly shocked and appalled. "Why are you suddenly so mean?! Irina was just worried and— and you just said all those terrible things about them!"

"Jerk," Koneko mumbled under her breath.

Kiba is the only one who says nothing, but even he looks conflicted.

What's going on? I glance at Ichiban for some support, and he gives me a disappointed stare that hurts a lot more than I'd like to admit.

"I get that you might be frustrated with them," He says. "But that was really uncalled for, you know?"

What the hell is happening? Why am I the bad guy all of a sudden? Yes, I was mean, but how the hell is this my fault when that defeatist bitch decided to get all uppity with me? I addressed her concerns, and she was still all mopey about it. Either she had something worth saying, or she stayed quiet.

But I'm the one in the wrong?

Overwhelming fury begins to bubble in my chest as I get up from my seat. On the verge of blowing up and accidentally freezing the entire private resort, I bare my teeth and clench my fists, just barely containing it.

"Why the hell are all of you taking their side?!" I roar. "What's wrong with you all?!"

"Nothing's wrong with us, Akane," Ichi replies firmly, not intimidated in the least. "We're saying you just went off on them for literally no reason."

"But—"

"I understand that it's annoying when others aren't being helpful, but Irina didn't do anything wrong by making her concerns known." He explains. "You realize what's at stake here, right?"

"I literally addressed said concerns, but that wasn't enough for her either," I argue with a hiss, reminding him how bitchmade she was. "My idea not being good enough for her is one thing, but she had nothing planned!"

"And that made you resort to name-calling?!" He snaps, becoming more annoyed. "All you had to do was shrug your shoulders and leave it there. It was that easy to avoid a confrontation and let two of our friends walk away!"

"I—"

"Instead, you thought you'd kick the 'defeatist' down even more. And for what?" Ichi adds. "When did that ever help?"

I say nothing. Seeing this, Ichiban visibly relaxes.

"I know 'being mean' is your thing. I know you never mean most of the things you say, but I just don't understand why you'd do something like that." He says, his tone a lot softer. "That wasn't like you at all."

My closed fists tighten even more as I lower my head, just barely containing my fury. I can feel my heart beating faster and faster, my throat closing up uncomfortably while I do my absolute damndest not to lose control.

That's fucking precious. 'Not like me,' he says, as if he knows who I really am. But what does he know beyond this fake little persona I put on for him? This blissful ignorance of his— I used to think it was funny and adorable at first. But now, hearing him so confident about himself as he fucking dares to admonish me when I did nothing wrong?

It makes me so sick I want to puke. It makes me want to show him who I am and how wrong he is. It makes me want to see this hero wannabe feel so disgusted with himself for associating with someone as truly evil and irredeemable as me.

Seeing him staring at me like that makes me want to break him by showing that everything between us is built on a lie I maintain for HIS sake.

But I know I shouldn't do that.

My hands relax as I manage to calm my overwhelming rage just enough for my rationality to make my decisions for me. I exhale and break eye contact, looking away.

…I can't do that.

"Akane," Ichi says my name, his earlier annoyance turning into concern as he puts a hand on my shoulder. "If there's anything wrong—"

"Don't touch me." I shove him off me as I walk away. "I've got things to do, and I want none of you to bother me."

I exit the main building and, after rubbing my eyes, I walk toward the outside shed. I close the door behind me and lock it, then hop into the teleporter and arrive at my secret hideout in an instant.

Moments later, Lucifer materializes near me.

"…Seems you've gotten yourself in an unexpected dilemma." He says after a while as I pick up the blowtorch. "Would you like to talk about it?"

"No," I respond curtly.

"As you wish." Lucifer leaves it there.

…

…Ridiculous.





– Lucifer –

Observing his potential successor tinkering with what clearly looked like a suit of armor, Lucifer's gaze lingered on her back as he wondered whether he should pity her after witnessing such an unsightly reaction or feel disgusted for trying to pretend to be something she was not.

Naturally, Lucifer did not care for those two exorcists and considered them utterly useless. Although crass and excessively confrontational, Akane's words rang true, and he fully agreed with her. They offered nothing of value beyond their status as meatshields, and it made no marginal difference whether they stayed or left.

At the same time, it was an utterly pointless argument, serving no purpose. Causing tension between your allies for… what, exactly?

And that was what Lucifer found utterly pitiful and somewhat even humorous. It was why she felt the need to start an altercation. After all, her one-sided battle with Dwight wasn't enough— she needed something else to massage her fragile ego. And with her less-than-favorable view of the two exorcists, they felt like very acceptable targets.

Blinded by her own rage after what she perceived as humiliation by the Overseer, and unable to see just how short-sighted she was, all culminated in her doing what she could to reaffirm her self-importance. The funniest thing about this? Her complete and utter ignorance of how she would be viewed by her allies and friends after doing such a thing.

She expected them to applaud and take her side, but why should they? Even ignoring their seemingly more humane reasons for opposing her, Akane had, in practical terms, driven away two allies because one of them dared to question her. Like some despot drunk on her own power.

What disgusted him was what had happened afterward. The accusations and hurt feelings. How juvenile. Such a human way to react, but Lucifer always had to remind himself that she was human, and no matter how she pretended to be otherwise, that didn't change.

Not yet. He thought as his glance flickered to the armor. But perhaps sooner than later.

"This suit of armor you're building…" Lucifer eventually stated. "It seems remarkably similar to the one you're building for Nemesis to pilot."

With the black and red theme she had chosen, it was a suit of armor that matched the cloaking gauntlet. A sleek and elegant-looking design that covered the whole body, and although the armor didn't look very different from what she had designed for her AI assistant, its most unique feature was the jagged-looking mask. Three thin, red visor rows that were divided in the middle, resembling three pairs of eyes. Almost made with the intent to intimidate, rather than protect.

In contrast, the helmet she'd built for Nemesis was more practical, covering the whole head with a simple, large black visor.

Though I suppose the helmet is the head in that case. He thought to himself.

"With the resources I have right now, I can't afford an upgrade. But I won't settle for an inferior product, either." She replied. "Besides, I have a theme, and I intend on keeping it."

"Fair enough, I suppose." He hummed. "I imagine you'll leave room to improve it once you've made your breakthrough with the Agreasite crystals?"

"Obviously," Akane said. "I wouldn't call this a prototype. More like the foundation for my perfect weapon. Aside from Nemesis."

Lucifer waited for her to finish.

"With every tool and armor I make, I get better at creating things. I haven't hit a wall yet, and I don't see one getting in my way any time soon." She continued, putting her tools down and stepping back. "Eventually, this thing will be unstoppable. No devil or god would be able to put a dent in it."

"And what about now?"

"Now, it's just a glorified costume." She sighed. "The alloys I used for it are of excellent quality, but without a proper energy core, it can't even go past 1% of its real power. Still, this is more than enough for now."

He watched as she took her gauntlet and put it on. Akane pressed a few buttons, prompting the suit of armor to open up. For a moment, he expected her to inspect the armor's insides, but instead, she got inside as it closed around her. Akane picked up the mask on the table and put it on before it created a holographic hood over her head.

"Ah…" Lucifer smiled as realization hit him. "I see. So it's time, then?"

He didn't think she would do this so early. From what he remembered, Akane was planning to make her grand reveal after her little date with the dragon boy.

I suppose that's delayed, then. He thought in amusement.

"I'd rather not waste any time." She said. "Not when I'm ready."

"And what of your friends?" He reminded her as she opened a portal to Japan. "Are you not worried they might try to approach you?"

"I made it clear to them that I don't want to be bothered. And I locked the door." She replied, referring to the shed within the resort's parameters as she activated the cloaking device. "But even if any of them tries to, I have Nemesis there to handle it. He has my voice."

"I see." He dropped it there. "Then I suppose all I can do now is wish you good luck."

"I don't need luck." She scoffed playfully as she stepped through the portal. "I'm beyond that."

"So you are." Lucifer chuckled. "Do be careful, Empyrean~"

Once the portal closed behind her, Akane leaped from building to building, stealthily making her way to the main headquarters of the Tojo clan. Lucifer still found this incredibly delightful. To turn on her own allies so readily… it was entertaining to watch.

She truly was deplorable. Irredeemable. And she knew that as well.

…But she was still human, as much as she wanted to deny it.

Because real monsters were ready to cast everything away for the sake of their ambitions.

Akane was not.

But as what had already been established, she had the potential to be the same monster he was. No, even more than that. Perhaps months, years, or decades later, Lucifer knew that if the circumstances were just right, she could not only keep the devil god's legacy alive…

She might very well surpass him.

And Lucifer could hardly wait.




– Daigo –

Just when things had started to calm down, just when he'd thought he could keep his guard down and relax for a little while, some shit just had to happen. At this point, Daigo was starting to think rest wasn't on the table until Christmas. Because, believe it or not, a lot of factions, terroristic or otherwise, respected that holiday in particular. Some unwritten rule where none may cause trouble until after New Year's Eve.

But December was a long way off, and the days had started to feel longer and longer. There wasn't much he could do but push on until then. When would it end, he wondered? Not long ago, the peace conference was the most stressful thing he had prepared for in a while, and now?

First, it was the strange white-haired child that Akiyama had told them to keep an eye out for. Then whoever it was that had decided to wipe out random gangs in their territory, apparently having 'successfully guessed' that God was dead, and now, some random and obviously supernaturally-motivated attacks in Hawaii. The place where Tatsu's girl had decided to spend her summer vacation.

Really, sinkholes randomly appearing in Honolulu, then the most prominent hotel randomly getting blown up? He wasn't an idiot. That definitely was not a coincidence. What was a coincidence, however, was that Akane somehow, someway, most likely got involved in whatever that was. Because of course, she was. A trouble magnet, just like her father.

Daigo would've honestly found it really funny if it wasn't so incredibly stressful. Confident in her power as he may be, he also knew that the girl was just as headstrong as Tatsu and might wind up in too much trouble, where even they could not bail her out. If that were to happen…

Well, he would rather not think about it.

Thankfully, the solution to that problem was simple enough. As long as he sent someone to stay around the girl and keep her safe in case shit hit the fan, then it'd be highly unlikely she'd get hurt. Again, Akane was monstrously strong and could easily take care of herself if things came down to it, but why risk it?

He had many a strong yakuza standing around not doing anything in Japan, and some tended to get irritable when there was nothing to do, so Daigo might as well send them off to blow off some steam. While that's happening, the rest could figure out what was going on with this terrorist showing up.

Because something told Daigo that whoever this person was, he wasn't a delusional madman spouting nonsense.

"That is rather concerning," Sirzechs said as he, Daigo, and Azazel were on a call. "But are we certain that they know?"

"It's a possibility." Daigo nodded. "They haven't attacked directly yet, but they've proven that they're more than efficient enough to pose a threat."

"Moreover, the timing is undeniable," Azazel added, looking uncharacteristically serious. "Right after the conference, an attack in Japan where said conference took place."

"Are you saying they've somehow managed to eavesdrop on us?" Sirzechs questioned.

"Yes, that's what I believe as well." Daigo agreed with the Grigori leader. "Either that, or there's a mole."

But if that's the case, that mole must be a yakuza or a yokai. The three biblical factions had kept the knowledge of god's death concealed for centuries, only for some random psychopath to go painting it on the walls at the same moment the yakuza had the information and were begged to keep it a secret? This reflected poorly on them.

"This is troubling news," Sirzechs said. "If this terrorist truly knew about his death, then they could do untold harm."

"I doubt that they'll be taken seriously by other factions. As threatening as they may seem on the surface, they've done nothing to warrant it. Efficient, yes. A reliable source of information? I don't think so." Daigo said. "I'll run a thorough investigation here and see if we do have a mole on our hands."

"Please do, Daigo-san." The Satan Lucifer urged. "We can't let someone like that gain notoriety and earn support from our enemies."

Daigo's gaze flickered toward Azazel, who had a thoughtful expression on his face.

"Azazel-san?" The Tojo Clan chairman called. "Is something wrong?"

"…It just feels like we're missing something here. Something important." He admitted. "But for the life of me, I can't figure it out."

"Missing something?" Daigo parroted. "Could you explain?"

But before he could, the call suddenly froze. His and Sirzechs' faces contorted while their voices kept getting cut off, almost as if the internet suddenly stopped working properly. Daigo blinked, wondering if the site was the problem until the lights in his office kept flickering.

His monitor went black as his computer shut down on its own. Daigo frowned and got off his chair, backing away from his computer as the lights kept flickering on and off. As he pulled out his phone and went to make a call, he realized it had stopped working as well. The screen was completely black.

Until three pairs of glowing red lines appeared with the sentence 'God is Dead' below them.

"What the hell…?" Daigo muttered to himself.

Moments later, the door of his office burst open as a panicking yakuza walked in.

"Chairman!" He cried out. "Our systems have been compromised!"

"By who?"

"I-I don't know!" He replied. "But our cameras caught something on the roof before they were shut off!"

Daigo nodded and ran past his subordinate. He, alongside several yakuza, quickly headed toward the exit. He spotted Mine walking beside him, and on their way, they exchanged a few words.

"What's the situation?" Daigo asked.

"Seems the bastard is a lot bolder than we gave them credit for." His captain answered. "Attacking us directly like this— either they have a death wish—"

"Or their confidence is well-earned," Saejima said as he caught up with them. "If they can easily compromise all our systems like this, then they ain't a joke."

"Amon?" Mine wondered out loud.

"I… I'm not sure." Daigo shook his head. "Out of everything I've heard about them from Mizuki-san, this doesn't seem like the way Amon operates at all."

His closest confidants remained quiet; once they left the building, they turned around and saw them. In a dark, tattered cloak over black and red armor, the terrorist stood tall above the main Tojo Clan building, staring down at them behind their mask.

Daigo couldn't sense their presence directly— he couldn't tell if they were even human or otherwise, but there was this… pressure they exuded that brought a sense of dread he wasn't used to feeling. Something told him this individual wasn't normal in the least.

Even as hundreds of yakuza surrounded them with their guns aimed their way, the individual remained unfazed, keeping their gaze on Daigo, Mine, and Saejima. The White Tiger activated his Sacred Gear, but Daigo quickly put an arm out, silently ordering him to stand down. Not yet.

Whoever this was, Daigo should at least know their motives before attacking.

"Who are you?" He called out. "And what do you want from us?"

The stranger shifted their position, and Daigo felt their gaze piercing his soul.

"You stand before the true savior and salvation of mankind." They said, speaking in perfect English. "And I've come to deliver one final warning to the wicked."

"A warning?" Daigo narrowed his eyes, understanding them well enough.

"Hear my voice and tremble in fear, you who have called yourselves the bastion of humanity." They boomed in a deep, guttural voice, throwing their arms. "Your choice to side with those who treat you like cattle over your own is treason. Your continued aid to those who call themselves holy yet preserve a lie to save their own hides speaks volumes about your cowardice. Your inaction to the kind who nearly started a war on your soil makes you unfit to be the protectors you claim to be."

That settles it… Daigo thought. They know.

This was far more specific than some madman's delusions. Either it was a mole, or someone had infiltrated and spied on the conference. And something told Daigo it was the latter. Not even their developmental tech could do what this person's tools have done.

"You've been corrupted. Taken over by the filth that has continued to violate the sanctity of our beautiful world time and time again." They continued their speech. "And I refuse to stand by and let this go on any longer."

Once again, Daigo said nothing as he, Saejima, and Mine waited for an opportunity to catch them by surprise.

"I am Empyrean! And I swear to cleanse this world of those who desire to defile it!" They promised. "You will join me on my righteous crusade against the enemies of humanity, or you will stand beside evil and be crushed beneath boots!"

Saejima's gaze met Daigo's as the two knew this speech of theirs was nearing its end.

"You have been warned," Empyrean said. "May you see the light before you meet your end by my hands."

"Now!" Daigo ordered, prompting Saejima to act.

With a roar, the White Tiger unleashed an immensely powerful gust of wind that would surely tear apart a mountain with utter ease. Empyrean did not attempt to dodge or block the attack and simply stood there as the fierce wind harmlessly passed through them, making Daigo's eyes widen.

"The hell?!" Even Saejima was surprised.

"Farewell," Empyrean said before disappearing.

"It's a hologram!" Mine concluded, then turned to the countless yakuza surrounding the building. "The real one could still be around here. Look for them!"

The troops obeyed, surveying the parameters in search of this 'Empyrean'. Daigo didn't know if they were some bastard with delusions of grandeur, an idiot who had no idea what they were talking about, or a fool who wanted an excuse to start a fight.

But what he did know was that they were a terrorist who knew too much and should be taken down as soon as possible.

…Daigo had a terrible feeling about this.




– Akane –

Watching the Yakuza running around like headless chickens looking for me, I can't help but laugh quietly. So much for the technological juggernauts of the world. Tricking them was as easy as taking candy from a baby.

I can maybe forgive their bafflingly shitty defenses, seeing that they didn't expect the so-called random terrorist to compromise their entire systems with the same effort it would take to yawn, but that's exactly why I'd rather not be associated with them forever. Ultimately, they're a liability, and I've proven my superiority.

I inspect the USB stick between my fingers, my smile growing wider. While they were distracted by the hologram delivering its speech, I slipped in and headed straight to their data centers, killing and devouring the souls of the yakuza who stood in the way. You know, as a little treat to have while on the job. Also made sure to store the corpses in my inventory. Y'know, to clean up after me.

I try to be a good member of society.

Now, why exactly did I do this when I could've probably had Nemesis scrape their date without me ever having to get close? Well, I weighed the pros and cons of both methods and decided my approach was more thorough. Plus, significantly more frightening to them. While also VERY fun for me.

First, as much as I hate to admit it, actually hacking their database was surprisingly a lot more difficult than I thought. They had impressive security systems I did not expect, given they're the only faction, aside from the Amon, that primarily works with technology. I mean, why would they need that when most factions can barely operate a regular computer?

I'm guessing their security systems were actually recent, though. Despite its strength, I did notice a few weaknesses that Nemesis and I could easily exploit. It is a risk because I wasn't sure I could actually squeeze their database for all it was worth before I was kicked out.

So I went with a more direct method. First, a special device similar to an EMP bomb that only temporarily disabled their technology. Then the hologram tech I positioned up there, created by nearly microscopic drones, and finally a simple USB stick of my own making that can hold the entire internet in bytes as of 2018.

Said USB drive contained Nemesis, and once I plugged it into one of the ports, my wonderful AI assistant took just over a minute to get everything. I was tempted to then destroy everything just for the hell of it, but that seemed a bit counterproductive. Inferior or not, they're still my allies.

I did, however, leave a little present there. A malware that will delete every single file and brick their systems permanently. It's dormant, though, and will only activate whenever I desire. So once they've outlived their usefulness to me, then bye-bye, Tojo Clan. I almost feel sad for doing this. After all, they pretty much raised and nurtured my father, and I bet he wouldn't approve.

Too bad he's dead, huh?

Giving the scrambling yakuza one last look, I turn away as a portal leading to my base opens up. I go through it, take off my mask, and exhale lightly. My armor then opens up, prompting me to get out of it, feeling like a million dollars. Mission accomplished~

"See?" I glance at the amused Devil God as I sit on my chair. "Told you it was gonna be easy~"

"To be quite honest, I wasn't sure what you did back there." He says, a hand on his chin.

"You don't have to worry about that." I wave it off and show him the USB stick. "What you have to know is that I've got everything I need and more right here."

I plug the stick into my computer as it automatically downloads everything.

"And I can't wait to see what's in there," I add with an excited giggle. "Oh, this is going to be so good. Nemesis, open up the blueprint files for the generators the Tojo Clan uses."

Without my having to do anything, the desired files open, revealing the blueprint. A detailed guide explaining exactly how and what the generators are. What sort of coding language they use, what script makes them work, and even their terminology.

"Huh. They call it Radiant Energy?" I hum. "RE for short. Doesn't sound very catchy…"

Not like that matters, because I can use this as the base for my own energy, and mine is going to be the perfected version of whatever the hell this is. Their amateurish method of creating a fully tech-based magical power. Credit where credit's due, though. They did invent it and gave me the inspiration to invent something even better.

Because, unlike them, I'm using Agreasite for it. And I'm also a vastly better engineer.

"Do you believe it is possible now?" Lucifer asks.

"Yes." I nod, reading the blueprint. "It's very doable. I was just going about it the wrong way."

"How so?"

I pause and glance at Lucy. I doubt he'd understand half of what I'm going to say…

"Well, to make a long and complicated story short…" I reply, simplifying it. "The scripts I used acted closer to banging two rocks together over an empty campsite, hoping the sparks would catch it on fire."

Lucy hums.

"Whenever Agreasite crystals lit up during my experiments, they would immediately lose power, but that's because in my method, there were no 'shavings' for the 'sparks' to get a campfire going," I add, pointing at the screen. "This explains how to apply these shavings. However, unlike a campfire, it keeps the generator in a nigh-endless feedback loop, thus creating a usable power source."

"Fascinating…"

"Very fascinating." I nod in agreement. "The main issue is how restricted their generators are. Its output has a hard limit that it can't go past, no matter what."

"And you're certain this will work with the Agreasite crystals?" He questions.

"It should. Probably even better than what they have." I reply with a smile. "Besides, now that I know how it works, I can provide even better scripts. Their 'Radiant Energy' would be nothing compared to what I can make."

If a tiny generator made with worse qualities was that strong, then just what the hell will the Agreasite be capable of once a proper genius engineer refines it into a power core? Holy shit, I can't wait. I really want to—

My train of thought is quickly interrupted as Nemesis suddenly warns me.

"Alert: Ichiban Kasuga is approaching the Teleporter Zone."

The AI follows up by bringing up the video feed of the hidden cameras I installed on the shed, showing Ichi walking toward it. My smile switches to an annoyed frown, and while I'm still pissed at him for taking their side, I feel a little… anxious? Glad? It's a weird emotion I'm not very used to.

I almost order Nemesis to take care of it by using my voice to tell him to fuck off, but I hesitate and think about it longer. I don't want to see him after he turned on me like that, but…

…Well, it's good that he'd chosen now to bother me and not when I was busy. I might as well go check and see what he wants.

"…Right…"

Lucy says nothing, but I can almost feel him judging me behind that neutral look on his face as I step into the teleporter. I don't know what he's thinking, but having to go through this in front of him feels humiliating.

I seriously hate being human.
We're drawing ever closer to the end of part 1 of this fic. Yes, this fic is separated into two parts.

Part 2 is the meat and potatoes of the fic. (Yes, you heard this right)

All hail Empyrean!
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Antonio20, Dehaka, CILinkz and 44 others
Mirlnir
Jun 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 76: Heart to Heart New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Jul 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,099
Edited by: Marethyu, Priapus




– Ichiban –

Lying on his bed, he stared at the ceiling, thinking back on what had transpired during their meeting. Things sort of happened way too quickly. He was still trying to understand why it went the way it did, and Ichi couldn't help but blame himself a little for not de-escalating the situation when he probably could've.

Not to say he was at fault. Ichiban knew that wasn't the case, and it was his girlfriend who had become aggressive out of nowhere. Sure, Akane was always pretty damn aggressive, but it was the kind that made her fierce, assertive, and bold without ever making her outright malicious. Those traits Ichi found very attractive.

Whatever that was, it wasn't the Akane he knew. What was worse was that it came out of left field and left them all too stunned to temper the growing tensions between her and the two exorcists. Now, Ichi was fully aware that his girlfriend did not like Xenovia by any means, and could see her doing or saying something like that to her, but as far as he was concerned, Irina was blameless.

Akane seemed to enjoy her company, even. Why she would suddenly turn on Irina like that left Ichiban utterly bewildered. Did something happen in between them that he didn't know about? Perhaps during their raid on the underground black market? It didn't feel like it. They all came out of it looking ultimately victorious, ignoring their injuries.

Well, Xenovia did seem upset, but that was it. Irina was much more concerned about Issei getting hurt and was relieved when he recovered. So this still didn't explain his girlfriend's random hostility.

In a way, Ichi understood where she was coming from. Having her plans doubted and criticized despite her proving herself time and time again must be incredibly frustrating, especially when the one criticizing her wasn't offering any better alternatives, but it definitely didn't warrant that reaction. Resorting to petty and personal attacks over something like that was childish.

…Then again, Akane was sort of childish, wasn't she?

Ichiban loved his girlfriend with all his heart, but he wasn't blind to the flaws she would probably insist didn't exist. While he was sure she mostly joked around, he knew that she did think a bit too highly of herself. She was arrogant and had an enormous ego, and sometimes it got in the way of her being honest with others and even with herself.

And that's precisely why Ichi knew that something was bothering her.

Before this incident, Akane had had these brief moments when she suddenly looked uncharacteristically serious. With a scary-looking frown on her face, she would be deep in thought while coldly calculating every move she would make. It was always unsettling to see it, as if she were devoid of all emotion, but, as Ichiban came to understand, it meant she was either anxious or upset. Possibly both.

Akane almost always masked it with her usual overconfident demeanor, so nobody really noticed anything wrong with her, but Ichi had spent a lot of time around his girlfriend and had learned to pick up on these cues relatively quickly. Even before they'd started dating.

It was as Koneko said, too. Akane was someone who kept her true feelings to herself and never wore them on her sleeve. So he knew that her overly confrontational reaction was a symptom of a bigger problem. It didn't feel like something she would do because it wasn't.

Maybe this whole thing was affecting her a lot more than we thought. Ichiban frowned. And none of us noticed it.

This was the only explanation that made sense, and it was why he felt bad about it. Had he seen the signs earlier, this wouldn't have happened.

And I just promised Mizuki-san to take care of her. He sighed. Way to go, proving her wrong. Great boyfriend material, you are.

But this wasn't the time to kick himself down. Now that he had noticed the problem, he needed to fix it.

'Scold her when she does something wrong', huh? He thought, remembering what Mizuki asked of him.

First, he had to check up on her. The scolding could come afterward.

He glanced at the digital clock on the nightstand next to the bed, noticing it had been about two hours since the incident, then promptly got out of bed and left the room. That should be enough time for her to cool off, right?

He closed the door behind him and walked toward the exit when Asia, who was alone in the living room, noticed him and approached.

"Where are you going, Ichi?" She asked.

"Gonna go check up on Akane." He told her as he opened the front door.

"I see." She breathed a sigh of relief, making him blink. "I thought you were going to leave like Issei."

"Issei left?"

"Yes." She nodded. "He said he was going after Irina and Xenovia, but he didn't say if he was coming back. I'm a little worried about him…"

Ichi remained silent for a few moments before replying.

"I doubt he's leaving leaving." He reassured her with a smile. "Knowing him, he's probably gonna try to convince them to come back."

"I hope so," Asia said. "May I come with you? I want to see if Akane is okay, too."

"I don't think that's a good idea, Asia." He responded, being honest. "After what happened, we don't want to overwhelm her. Let me talk to her alone first, alright?"

At first, Asia wanted to argue, but quickly relented with a sigh.

"Alright."

He gave her a nod of appreciation before leaving the building, walking toward the shed Akane called a 'makeshift workshop.' Tinkering with her machinery in their bedroom was a bit too loud for Ichiban to get any sleep, and she liked working in the middle of the night for whatever reason, so she moved her stuff over there.

Truthfully, Ichiban didn't know what he was supposed to say, assuming she gave him the time of day, but he would probably figure it out. Hopefully, she did calm down enough to have a proper discussion about what happened back then rather than turning it into a shouting match. Anger issues or not, Akane was pretty reasonable most of the time.

Strangely, he didn't hear anything inside the shed. He expected the loud whirring of an electric screwdriver or the hammering of nails, but it was eerily quiet. Still, that didn't deter Ichiban, who knocked on the door.

"Akane, it's me." He said.

No response, and after a while of standing still waiting for it, he tried to open the door himself to no avail. She'd left it locked, and Ichiban took this as a sign to give her more space. Clearly, she wasn't in the mood, and he couldn't force her to talk to him. Not when she'd actually teared up after he chastised her the first time.

But then, as he was turning around to leave, the door unlocked and slowly creaked open, with his girlfriend peeking out of it. Despite her cold glare that would surely intimidate anyone else, Ichiban couldn't help but think it made her look endearing in a weird way. She looked like a cat that was deeply annoyed.

That thought passing through his mind made it hard not to crack a smile and piss her off even more.

"I told you I didn't want to be bothered." She said harshly. "What do you want?"

"I just want to talk." He replied, raising his hands.

He saw her visibly contemplating whether to listen to him or tell him to shove it, and thankfully, she chose the former, fully opening the door for him and backing away. Ichiban entered the shed and closed the door behind him, taking a look around.

As he thought, tools and gadgets filled his field of vision. Near every wall and corner was one of her machines. Inactive Bronze Spheres, her new bronze armor, and many devices he had never seen before. What caught his eye was the strange circular pad beneath a curtain. That looked important.

He ignored it for now, however. His curiosity could wait.

"How are you feeling?" He started.

"Just get to the point." She rolled her eyes. "I have work to do, if you haven't noticed."

"That is the point." He replied, already feeling exasperated.

Akane blinked and crossed her arms.

"Really? You're here because you want to know how I feel? Cute." She scoffed. "Stop wasting my time, Ichiban. Either you say something important, or you fuck off."

That made it clear her emotions were still running hot, so Ichiban remained composed because one of them had to be mature if they were going to make any progress.

"Akane—"

"Just get out." She huffed.

"There's no one here but me," He told her, his tone still soft. "You can talk to me."

"I said leave."

He sighed.

"Acting stubborn won't help either of us," He said. "I know something's bothering you. You don't need to hide it."

"Of course, there's something bothering me!" She snapped, scowling at him. "You turned on me! You picked their side over mine!"

He backed off slightly, not expecting her heated response. Whether he said the right or wrong thing, Ichiban wasn't sure, but at least she was willing to engage.

"It's not about picking sides."

"Yes, it is! And you're supposed to be on mine!" She strongly disagreed, pausing before composing herself. "All of you were. So what if I was mean? That stupid bitch started it by pointlessly criticizing my approach, even though she couldn't think of anything else. How the hell was I supposed to react to that? Be nice? Get real."

Ichiban said nothing for a bit.

"I express my thoughts once, and suddenly I'm the bad guy. It's like you were just waiting for the opportunity to gang up on me." She said, then crossed her arms and looked away. "And you know what? I would've been okay if the others did that. Not like I care what they think about me. But you?"

She gave him a quick look, and even though she appeared angry on the surface, Ichi could tell she was really hurting beneath the surface.

"You of all people should've known better." She muttered in a much quieter tone.

He picked up the underlying meaning of what she said. After all, he was her boyfriend, so it was his job and responsibility to support her and always take her side. And she was right, but the same was true of all his friends. What kind of a person would he be otherwise? He didn't blame her for feeling that he had betrayed her, but he had to call out even those closest to him if he thought they had done something wrong.

That's what a real friend would do.

"Again, it's not about whose side I'm taking." He replied, and thankfully, she waited for him to continue this time. "If anything, I am on your side."

"Then you should've told them off."

"It doesn't work that way." He told her. "I get it, Irina wasn't being very helpful, and Xenovia can be a little annoying, but blowing up on them like that wasn't right."

"But she—"

"Irina was just worried, Akane. And for good reason." He said. "Would you really want me to agree with you even though you're in the wrong?"

She hesitated and didn't answer immediately.

"…Yes." She muttered weakly, most definitely not meaning it.

"Well, I can't do that." He spoke. "And I'm sure you wouldn't like it, either. Otherwise, I wouldn't be me anymore."

She remained silent for a moment, almost as if she had conceded, but then she spoke again.

"I thought you said you loved me." She said.

"I do love you. That's why I'm doing this." He replied. "That's why I'm relying on you to call me out if I'm in the wrong."

She opened her mouth to retort, but promptly closed it as Ichiban continued talking.

"If I see you randomly walking off a cliff, I'd pull you back and ask what you're doing, not walk off with you. And I expect you to do the same." He added. "I'm with you until the end, and I'm sure you feel the same way about me, but that's why we have to keep each other grounded. It's a responsibility we both share."

"I…"

However, she was without argument as she looked down uncomfortably. Despite how she was, Akane was usually a rational person. More logical than emotional, but even someone like her could feel overwhelmed.

"The thing is, I thought about it, and I think I know where this is coming from." He stated. "Just like Irina, you're worried, too, right? That's why you reacted that way."

She paused, her frown deepening as she stared back at him.

"What do you mean?"

"This stuff with Lani, the Palekana, the Overseer, and Pele…" He clarified, getting closer. "You pretend it's not affecting you, but I can tell it's making you very anxious."

Akane's expression turned into one of shock, almost in disbelief, and although she said nothing to prove or disprove his claim, her silent reaction was all the evidence he needed to know he was right.

The look of dread, quickly replaced by an empty look, told him she was doing it again. The stiff expression returned as she began analyzing her surroundings, and Ichiban didn't know what she was afraid of, but he went to reassure her anyway.

"I was really stunned that you were so aggressive with Irina. I mean, it didn't feel like you at all, but that back then was just stress getting to you, wasn't it? And it's not wrong to feel that way. Not when you're practically spearheading the whole thing," He gently took her hands, holding them in his. "I'm here for you, okay? You don't have to do this alone. If there's anything you want to tell me, I'll always be here to listen."

Akane said nothing for a while, but for the first time, as she turned her head away, she seemed a little vulnerable. Ichiban couldn't tell what to make of the flash of guilt that passed through her face, and assumed his words were getting to her.

"…Maybe it is a little stressful…" She murmured under her breath.

She said nothing else, however, but getting her to admit that was something. Progress was progress. Besides, Ichiban wasn't counting on her to tell him anything in the first place. Akane was far too stubborn for a few words to make her pour out her heart to him, but as long as he made it clear he was available if she wanted to talk, he was satisfied. Forcing her would have the opposite effect.

"And that's fine." He insisted. "Feeling stressed out knowing the things we do is only normal. Blowing up as you have is normal, too. It's a mistake, but we're humans. We make mistakes all the time. It's who we are."

Her face scrunched into a grimace, as if she were being reminded of something she would rather forget. Ichiban knew she was just feeling uncomfortable. It was not surprising. Akane wasn't usually confronted with her own issues.

His girlfriend was ultra spoiled, but he loved her anyway.

"That's why, sometimes, we have to take a step back and reflect." He said. "It's how we can grow and be better."

In a failed attempt to brush him off, Akane huffed.

"Look at you trying to be so understanding." She muttered. "Since when did you take the role of the wise counselor?"

"I had a pretty good mentor teaching me these things." Nonetheless, Ichiban gave her a grin. "Thought you could use some of it, too."

His 'kill her with kindness' approach seemed to have worked, as after a pause, Akane actually smiled back. But that smile quickly faded, and he felt her hands gripping his as she looked down at her feet.

"…I guess I was a little too mean." She admitted uncomfortably, her tone far too quiet but just loud enough for him to hear. "I'm mature enough to accept that."

"Well, you're still gonna have to apologize," He reminded her.

"Hah! As if." She disagreed, her haughty attitude returning. "Neither of them deserves to be in my presence, much less receive my apology. Why the hell would I do that?"

"Akane…"

"I already said I was being mean." She complained, retracting her hands away. "Isn't that enough?"

"Admitting your mistake is just the first step." He coolly replied. "This isn't over until you confront the real issue. You know that too."

"But I…" She struggled to form an argument, and as Ichiban gave her a mildly stern look, she huffed again and rolled her eyes. She was so adorably childish. "…Fine."

"Awesome. I knew you had it in you." He said, his wide smile returning as he patted her on the head. "I'm proud of you, Akane."

Telling her that provoked a self-satisfied smirk from her, which quickly dropped into a deep scowl before she slapped his hand away.

"Why am I being treated like a child?" She growled. "Are you mocking me? Are you asking for a beating, you bastard?"

"I don't know what you're talking about." He replied, shrugging his shoulders. "You're always asking me for praise, so when I saw you doing a good thing, I praised you. I'm doing what you ordered me to do."

"How dare you use my own words against me, you asshole. You know you're not supposed to do that," Akane told him off, crossing her arms. "The only reason I'm not kicking your ass right now is because I'm that forgiving. You'd better thank me for going easy on you."

Ichiban couldn't help but chuckle at that. Which seemed to lighten the mood as Akane's posture relaxed further.

"Knock it off. It's not funny," She said, her tone conveying mild amusement instead of annoyance.

"Then why are you grinning?" He responded, pointing out the smile playing at her lips.

"Because it—" She stopped, struggling to stop herself from giggling. "Why am I even explaining myself to you?"

"Good question." He said. "I guess the haughty Goddess loses all that pride and confidence when she's around her humble peasant."

"Oh, you really are asking for a beating," This time, Akane giggled as she shoved him away toward the exit. "Get outta here before I turn you into a popsicle, dragon boy. You already know how busy I am."

"Alright, alright," Ichiban laughed. "I'll leave you to it."

Ichiban grabbed the door handle, and moments before he left, his girlfriend spoke up again.

"Hey."

He turned his head to look at her and saw a mildly remorseful expression on her face. She visibly hesitated and seemed on the verge of changing her mind, but she said it regardless.

"I'm… sorry if I was being difficult." She apologized. "I know you're just trying to help."

Ichiban blinked, a little surprised to hear this from her. Akane barely ever apologized, and he definitely didn't expect this level of awareness from her. She was pretty bad at this sort of thing.

"No worries!" He replied with a wink. "Doesn't matter how easy or difficult you are. I'd never give up on you."

His heartfelt response elicited a blush from her, paired with one of the sweetest smiles he'd ever seen on her. A rare combination, if Ichi had to say. And one he would never grow bored of seeing.

Under all that bratty smugness and mildly endearing arrogance, Akane was still his princess.

He truly was lucky to have her.

Sometimes, I'm not sure if she's tamed you… Ddraig quipped as he exited the shed. Or if it's the other way around.

Ichiban liked to believe it went both ways.




– Akane –

As minutes pass after Ichi left the shed, I stand in the middle of it, almost motionless, as my hands tremble uncontrollably. A pit forms in my stomach, making me exhale as I stare at the door, still utterly baffled by what happened.

At first, I felt comforted in his presence. Hearing how he'll always be there for me, how he'll lend me his ear if I want to say something, how he'll be on my side no matter what. The reassurance felt nice. Calming. For once since that incident with Overseer, I felt at ease. Looking at his big dumb smile made it seem like everything was going to be okay.

But when he left, so did that feeling of comfort, replaced by overwhelming dread as the implications of everything that had happened came crashing down on me like a bag of bricks.

I can't believe I'm even thinking this, but I fucking hate myself for this. For how meek I was in front of him. At the same time, I just don't understand. I'm still processing this, even. Seriously, how? Just how? It doesn't make sense. None of it does. I know I was in the right this whole time.

They started it, and I ended it. They questioned my authority as the leader, and I put them in their places as anyone else in my position would do. I'm not wrong, not in a million years. I am not wrong.

So how in the hell did I let him talk me into this? And why am I not as angry about it as I'm supposed to be? I should be pissed the fuck off hearing him say all that sappy bullshit and making it sound like I'm at fault, but I'm not. I'm… weirdly okay with it.

Even when I try to force myself to be mad at what just happened, it doesn't work. I feel strangely at peace, and although the idea of apologizing to those two idiots makes me want to puke, I'm still fucking considering it.

Every time I try to argue, every time I try to tell him and convince him that I'm in the right, I take one look at his face, at how understanding and kind he appears, and it's like I forget all the words I want to say. I just stand there listening to him. Not out of fear or anything, but it's like… knowing he's right and I'm not.

And it's not true. I know it isn't true. That's not normal. This isn't me. What the fuck did Ichiban do to make me feel that way? How is he making me doubt myself? Is he so skilled in some form of witchcraft that it ignores both Excelsis' defenses and Gamer's Mind?

Most importantly, how did he just… know that I'm uneasy? I said nothing about this to anyone, not even to Lucifer, and I always made sure to appear confident so no one would question me and think I'm weak. Yet he somehow knew. He knew what I was thinking, what I was feeling.

It's terrifying. He shouldn't know that. I don't want him to know that. Ichiban of all people should know nothing about what I'm really thinking. Because what if he knows more than he lets on? What if Ichi knows I'm not who I try to appear to be? What if he knows I'm not a good person?

If he does know that, then does he also know what I've been doing behind his back? Will he report me to the yakuza after everything I've done? Will he turn on me for real and stab me in the back when I don't expect it? Will he hate me?

I don't want that. I don't want him to hate me. He can't hate me. I'll never let that happen. But what am I supposed to do? If he knows, then how can I—how am I supposed to convince him that what I'm doing is right too? Ichiban is understanding, but he's too good-natured. He wouldn't let that slide.

I look down at my trembling hands, dread slowly eating away at me as I try to calm myself. I clench my fists, close my eyes, and exhale again as I force myself to think rationally while sitting in my chair.

Calm down. Ichi doesn't know. He couldn't know. If he did, he would've confronted me about it already. That's the kind of person he is. He's decisive when he needs to be and won't ever just stand there and let things he thinks are wrong happen. It's why he approached me in the first place. Ichi lets his feelings dictate his actions more than logic, so he would've told me off had he known.

He might've known I was nervous, but that was just a lucky guess. There's no way in hell he knows about Empyrean or my soul-devouring ability. Not when I've made it my whole mission to keep it away from him until I'm ready to reveal it.

"How bizarre." Lucifer suddenly says, seeing me in this embarrassing state. "Just now, you were swooning over the dragon boy, and now…"

I say nothing as my grimace deepens.

"Now you seem deathly frightened." The Devil God adds, giving me a wide grin. "Of what, I wonder?"

"Shut up," I growl out.

Instead of shutting up, Lucifer takes a step toward me.

"Do you fear the boy knowing who you are?" He guesses, making me tighten my fists even more. "Do you fear him hating that person you wish to be?"

"I told you to shut up," I reiterate.

"Or is it the guilt creeping up after what you've done only moments ago?" He ignores me, leaning closer. "But if that's what it is… then what is there to be guilty of?"

I grow more and more infuriated as the bastard of a devil continues to interrogate me.

"Belittling those who are beneath you? Taking what's rightfully yours? Come now…" He chuckles. "And I thought you were better than that."

"Don't you fucking question me!" I spring forth from my chair, carelessly approaching the Devil God as he quickly backs off. "I don't care who or what you are! I'm not some weakling you can push around for your own amusement, understand?!"

Lucifer's grin only widens at that. I quickly compose myself, but my scowl doesn't change.

"How I feel about things is none of your goddamn business," I add. "You're here and not rotting away in some divine-guarded cell because you're still useful to me, so unless I specifically ask for it, keep your pointless counsel to yourself, Lucy."

Neither intimidated nor offended by my outburst, Lucifer chuckles again.

"Questioning you? My my, is that what it sounded like?" He puts a hand over his mouth. "That was not my intention, not at all. I was only trying to tease you and lighten up the mood, seeing how tense you were. But I see now I've only made things worse. My apologies, darling."

Like fucking hell that was your intention, but keep acting coy, you demonic son of a bitch.

I exhale for the umpteenth time and calm my nerves. Whatever. This whole thing is only making me more cautious. This isn't the end of the world, and now that I've gotten a real glimpse of where things might lead if I'm careless, I know to prepare better.

I can't let him know.

No matter the atrocity I must commit. No matter who I have to kill. Empyrean must remain a secret until I'm ready to disclose it to him. Until I feel comfortable enough to do so. Until I know he'll pick my side over anyone else's.

Ichiban must never know who I am. He must never know what I'm doing. He must never come to hate me.

My hands begin to tremble again as an uncomfortable truth passes through my mind.

Otherwise, Ichiban will die by my hands.





– Magnus –

It was pretty obvious even before he came to Hawaii to start his investigation, but Ganzhe was significantly more competent than either the Barracuda or the Yamai Syndicate. Where one thought he owned the damn place and the other didn't give two fucks about where he was, Wong Tou knew what he was doing. He knew who his enemies were and prepared accordingly.

This, naturally, could just be the CIA's splinter group helping him with information and resources so their little project could remain uninterrupted, but credit where credit's due: this guy was pretty damn smart. He spy-proofed the hell out of his base.

So, as expected, staking out Nirvana Hotel was a lot more complicated than it would appear. Because there weren't just cameras Magnus could very easily disable or hack with his Unknown Dictator, but also scrying wards all over the damn building. Magic he couldn't sabotage with his Sacred Gear.

This led to many problems. First, he didn't know how many people were in there that had nothing to do with Wong or the Overseer. Nirvana Hotel was still an actual establishment, and not entirely a front. Recklessly charging into the place, as the kids had done to Dwight's underground market, would put many innocent people in danger, and Magnus didn't want that weighing on his conscience.

Second, he didn't actually know much about the Ganzhe. Notable members, possible weapons, underground experiments like Patient Zero— none of that. They were the most secretive bunch, and Magnus only knew their leader due to his prior investigation and Wong Tou's old files and criminal record.

Third, he had no idea where Wong Tou actually hid. The safest bet was to say that he stayed on the highest floor, but was there a secret office or room? A secret path that led him in and out of said room? He didn't know, and at this point he wondered if it was even possible to get the jump on someone as prepared as he was.

How was Magnus supposed to catch him? If he tried to hack the cameras, the scrying wards would detect it because of the energy he'd have to release to use his Sacred Gear. If he tried to sneak into Nirvana, he knew for damn sure that he couldn't get past the hundreds, if not thousands, of cameras around and inside the building.

And alerting his only possible lead to the Overseer was the last thing he needed.

Besides, the Overseer probably knows it, too. He thought, observing the hotel from a distance. Meaning he'll be closely guarded by the Palekana. Maybe even the traitors.

Aside from the splinter group, the mysterious group trying to revive Pele was a much bigger problem. They probably had many powerful combatants in their ranks, so even a bulldozing approach might not be as effective here as it had been for Dwight's underground market.

How are we supposed to infiltrate their defenses without alerting Wong Tou? Magnus wondered, humming to himself. …Something to think about and share with the rest.

Magnus had been in this game for decades. So damn long that he'd been thinking about retiring, in fact. So he knew when it was time to retreat and ask for a second opinion. Sure, his current allies were a bunch of kids.

But, dubious or not, the yakuza princess was pretty resourceful.

Akane's edgy 'Machiavellian' mindset getting one-shot by her himbo's pure shonen spirit had been incredibly fun to write.

Proof that she can very easily complete a redemption arc if she wanted to, but will she? That's the real question.

Anyway, here's some more sexy Akane art

Spoiler: Cowkini Akane
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Doutian, BizzarePans, Grigori and 37 others
Mirlnir
Jul 10, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks True Chapter 77: Target Found New
View content
Mirlnir
Mirlnir
Goku's #1 Glazer
JoinedJun 11, 2020
Messages703
Likes received90,366
Aug 12, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,109
Edited by: Priapus, Marethyu, Maple




Gathered in the living room with the rest of those who stayed behind, I can tell that things still feel awkward after my fight with the two exorcists. Even though I'm still right and they should've taken my side, but whatever. It's not worth going over it a second time. I've gotten over it, and it's not like I care what these idiots think, either.

That includes Issei. Why would I want that useless sack of shit here anyway? If he wants to hang out with two equally useless morons instead, then let him leave. One less annoying gnat to worry about. He exists to drag us down.

As a memory of what happened in the shed flashes in my mind, I barely resist the urge to frown. I can't believe I let that happen. Even though I'm in the right. I can't believe I let Ichiban talk me into apologizing to that bitch. I should've told him to fuck off, too.

Too bad I'm apparently too much of a pushover to do something as simple as that.

No, no. Stop that. I said I'm over it. That wouldn't be the case if I kept thinking about it. Also, so what if I have to apologize? It's not like I mean it; I'll make sure to be as condescending as I possibly can so she knows that, too, so it doesn't count.

"So, uh…" Ichiban starts after a while, clearly feeling the growing tension. "Any word on Rose-san?"

…Just focus on the situation at hand, Akane.

"He said he's on his way," I answer. "He's found where Wong Tou is hiding, so I'm guessing he wants to plan an attack with us before infiltrating on his own."

Which would imply that Wong and his organization are much more dangerous than what we've been dealing with at the moment, but the CIA is kind of bitchmade, from what I've seen. Way too careful.

…Then again, being careful wouldn't have put me in a place where the Overseer could've tricked me.

I blame Xenovia. She made me do it.

"I imagine he'd want to know what we figured out on our side, as well," Kiba says.

"Probably." I nod. "Hopefully, with everyone on the same page, the rest of this investigation will be easy. Or easier than it already is, anyway."

"You just had to say that…" Ichiban sighs. "I guess that still leaves finding Lani. She's the final piece of the puzzle."

"The spheres are still searching," I remind them. "And by now, they've covered about 80% of the region. It's only a matter of time before we find her, and once we do, the Overseer is done for."

The real question is how am I going to kill and devour Pele? If he needs Lani to revive her, then I don't think it'd be possible for me to do so. Once he gets his hands on her, we'll be able to follow them into his mirror realm and prevent him from sacrificing her.

This, of course, means I need to somehow give him Lani without anyone else suspecting a thing. All I can think of to pull this off is by feigning ignorance/weakness one way or another, and that's not going to be very easy when my reputation around here is the 'extremely dependable leader'.

What a pain in the ass. Suffering from success, that is.

"Then we'll need to prepare our final assault on the Overseer's dimension," Kiba adds. "He will more than likely be very prepared for us. I assume there would be an army at his beck and call, and if they're anything like that warrior that rescued Dwight…"

Right, that Pele's 'Chosen' or whatever. I guess gods can have their own champions. Perhaps I can use him?

"Then we'll have one hell of a fight on our hands, huh?" Ichiban smirks. "Finally. It's been way too long since I had some action. I've been practicing a lot of techniques before we came here, and I've been itching to use them in real combat."

"What kind of techniques?" I ask with a mildly interested hum.

"You'll just have to wait and see." He says vaguely. "Let's just say that with Ddraig and Saejima-san's help, I'm no one-trick pony anymore."

Now I'm really curious.

Our chat is interrupted by a knock at the door, prompting Asia to get up from her chair to answer it. She opens the door, and Magnus gives her an appreciative smile as he enters the building, looking at us with a serious frown.

"About time," I say as he takes a seat.

"Sorry. My side of things took a lot longer than I initially thought." He replies before pausing, looking around the table. "…And I see we're still missing a few. Where's the rest?"

My mood sours as he mentions it, and the rest shuffle awkwardly, but I don't let it distract me.

"Don't worry about it. It's not important right now." I wave it off, and as nobody objects, I continue. "So what did you learn?"

"Right. I've found where Wong Tou and his Ganzhe are hiding." He nods. "Somewhere in Nirvana Hotel."

"That's the big one just outside of Honolulu, right?" Ichiban asks, making sure.

"Correct. Seems like he owns the building. Legally, it's in someone else's name, likely to protect his anonymity, but I've found swathes of his men standing guard in and out of it." Magnus explains. "And not only is the place littered with security cameras, but I've noticed countless scrying wards in its perimeters. He's most definitely hiding there."

"That settles it, then," I say. "That's the next place we're hitting. Shouldn't be too different from Dwight's."

"I'm afraid it's not that simple." The CIA agent disagrees. "Unlike the underground black market, Nirvana Hotel is a legitimate business."

"So?" I raise an eyebrow.

"So there's going to be a lot of innocent people there, Akane-san," Kiba tells me. "Humans or otherwise. If we recklessly rush in without a good plan, then there's no telling how many would be put at risk."

Right. Almost slipped there.

"You're right. I forgot about that." I cross my arms. "So there's no easy way to do this, huh?"

Nemesis could easily infiltrate, but again, I haven't found the bastard who hacked my Spyder yet, and until I get rid of them, they're not leaving my base. I'm not willing to risk my, or I guess Empyrean's, technology getting reverse-engineered.

"Not this time," Magnus says grimly. "Our best bet at the moment would be to lure him out."

"Which we can't do until we find Lani and Akane-san," Ichi replies, making me raise an eyebrow at the random honorific after my name before I remember he's talking about the other Akane. Still feels weird to hear that from him. I don't think I like it. "Talk about getting stuck between a rock and a hard place…"

"I hate waiting games…" Koneko mutters.

"You and me both." I snort.

Almost immediately after, my ring suddenly starts buzzing loudly enough for everyone in the room to hear, making us pause. Although none of them understand what this is about, a wide grin stretches across my face. Perfect timing~

"The good thing is that we won't be playing." I continue, raising my hand to show them the ring. "Because I just found Lani~"

"Really?!" Asia asks, smiling hopefully.

"Alright!" Ichi grins, a lot more excited. "Amazing work, Akane! Those things really came in handy after all."

Magnus says and does nothing, but I feel a sense of suspicion coming from him as he stares at me. What's his problem? He's been acting that way ever since we met for some reason. His 'Thoughts about you' section, when I use Observe, even confirms that he's suspicious of me.

But why? What does he know?

…I don't like it.

"Ice queen is reliable." Koneko compliments, mumbling her second sentence. "Still a jerk, though."

"Was there any doubt?" I shrug as I pretend not to hear the second part, pressing a tiny button on the ring to bring up a blue holographic screen. "Let's see…"

The screen shows a tiny remote island far south of the mainland. Surprisingly, it's inhabited by a small community, barely a hundred people. And I don't mean some uncontacted tribe nobody ever heard about, but a civilized group with its own tiny port and marketplace.

As for our targets? A small child with short brown hair and an old lady in her sixties with gray hair. Both are hiding in some kind of warehouse. Though it's clear that they're taken care of by the locals.

"That's them," I say, looking up what the spheres have analyzed. "A place called Rich Island, south of here. Seems anything but rich to me."

Pretty dingy, to be honest. Civilized, but dingy.

"That's where we have to go, then," Ichiban adds before pausing.

I notice him slightly fixated on the older woman, his stare lingering for a couple of seconds, making me blink.

"What's wrong?" I ask.

"Uh, no, it's nothing." He quickly shakes his head. "She just looks kinda familiar."

"Right…" I drop the subject. That was weird, but I don't think he's into older women. "Anyway, now we know where they are. We just need to grab them and let them stay here for safety."

"But aren't they safe where they are?" Kiba argues. "If the Overseer couldn't locate them there, wouldn't taking them to your resort increase the risks? Especially seeing how close it is to Honolulu, where we know he operates."

"This hinges solely on the assumption that the Overseer wouldn't find them on his own eventually," Magnus answers before I can. "And with his resources, it's only a matter of when. We're lucky we found them first."

"First, it's not luck; it's pure talent and excellence." I point out. "Second, now that we know her location, the risk is there regardless. We'll eventually need to go to Honolulu again, and the Overseer will do whatever mind spells he does to get that information out of us."

"I suppose…" Kiba hums.

"I thought you didn't believe Yamai when he mentioned the stuff about mind magic," Ichi says with a blink, making me shrug.

"I don't. Not entirely," I personally think it's future sight. Lucifer thinks so, too. "But it's worth taking into consideration regardless."

"How are we going to get to Rich Island?" Asia asks, having been quiet most of the time.

"I'll fly there. It shouldn't take me longer than a couple of minutes to get them here." I answer, getting up from my chair. "Once that's done, we can discuss what we'll do next."

"I'm coming with you," Ichiban says.

"We don't need two people for something so easy," I tell him. "Stay here."

"Screw that! Ever since we came here, you had all the fun. You fought Yamai, infiltrated the black market, fought Patient Zero, and beat up Dwight." He argues. "I barely got to do anything. I'm bored as fuck."

"As if this is going to be a fun experience," I roll my eyes. "It's a boring rescue mission. I doubt it'd take more than five minutes at most."

"I don't care." He insists. "So I'm coming, whether you want me or not."

I sigh. Yeah, he's not letting this go.

"Fine." I reluctantly accept, glancing at Magnus. "Text me in case something happens here."

"Got it." He nods.

With this, Ichi and I leave the resort and step onto the beach outside. Crystal wings of ice sprout out of my back, and as I offer Ichi a hand, he grins and activates his Balance Breaker. The red cape appears on his shoulder, fluttering as he slowly floats above the sand.

"I can fly too, y'know." He says.

"And here I thought you wanted to be lovingly held by your beloved girlfriend." I retract my hand as I match his elevation. "Your loss."

"Yeah, yeah," He scoffs playfully. "So, where are we going?"

"This way." I point at the horizon. "Follow me."

With Ichiban sticking closely behind me, we fly south of the resort. This idiot Overseer thinks he's playing us. He thinks we're practically bringing Lani to him, and you know what? He's right. That's exactly what I'm doing. After all, I want Pele revived, too.

Because if there's one way to thoroughly crush him in mind and spirit, it's to devour his beloved goddess right in front of him.

He shouldn't have picked a fight with me.




Landing on the docks bridge of the island with Ichi close behind me, I dispel my crystal wings and walk forward. Again, the place is incredibly small, with a couple of stores near the docks and a path leading straight from the beach to a thick forest, where the warehouse is.

Seeing how late it was, nobody was here, understandably. I doubt this place even has any law enforcement. Probably, whatever problem the island faces is handled by the locals. They'd be fucked if they got in a fight with pirates, though. I think. Are there even pirates in Hawaii? I know pirates still exist in general, but I don't know if there are any here.

Actually, back when pirates were more prominent, were some of them aware of the supernatural? I'd imagine legends like Blackbeard probably had some sort of powers. And if King Arthur existed, does that mean Davy Jones was a thing, too? Yeah, they did not sail these seas specifically, but it's interesting to think about. I wonder what actually happened to them?

"Whew, it's weirdly chilly in here," Ichi says with a shudder. "That's not your doing, is it?"

"No?" I raise an eyebrow. "Why would it be me?"

"I dunno, you seem kinda mad." He replies. "The air gets cold when you're mad."

"That's my thinking face." I point at myself. "Not the angry face. You should know these things."

"I guess." He snorts. "What are you thinking about, then? Aside from finding Lani and Akane-san."

"I was wondering if there are pirates around," I tell him as we make our way toward the warehouse. "Like actual supernatural pirates. Imagine if Davy Jones was out there somewhere?"

"Ooh…" Ichi grows excited at the prospect as his eyes start twinkling. "That's so cool. You think there are some sea monsters, too? Like the kraken? Giant sea serpents?"

"Dragons and hydras exist, so probably."

"Aw man, I wonder if we'll ever get to see one." He says with a grin. "It'd be a shame if we didn't before we're back in Japan."

"Hmm…" I pause and think about it for a moment. "Do you think kraken calamari would taste better than regular squid calamari?"

"That's the first thing that came to your mind?" He questions before thinking about it. "…Now I'm wondering, too."

"I mean, neither of us has had dinner yet, so…" I shrug. "Maybe we should start looking for giant sea monsters to eat."

"Haha, that'd be awesome." Ichiban laughs. "If only we knew where to look."

If anything, I'm starving. I haven't had anything to eat since breakfast, and ever since that little funny incident with Irina and Xenovia, I was in too bad a mood to really eat. Well, I guess I did have a few souls in the Tojo Clan HQ, but those don't really count toward actual food.

My stomach's filled up on energy drinks, and it's starting to be a little upsetting. I guess even being super durable doesn't stop a terrible diet from fucking you up. I'm really glad I got that perfect body perk a while ago. Made keeping my figure totally effortless.

Still, I'm hungry. I hope there's a nice restaurant around here somewhere. We could grab a bite before we make it back to the resort. Assuming there's anything open this late in this corner of the earth.

With an irritated frown, I shoo away the annoying, flying bugs with my hands. The deeper we make it into the thickets, the more mosquitoes, flies, and moth flies around our faces. Ugh, this is why I hate the wilderness. I'd torch this entire island to the ground if it meant getting rid of them permanently.

"I fucking hate bugs…" I complain.

"Who doesn't?" Ichi replies before suddenly pointing at something. "LOOK OUT, A COCKROACH!"

"KYAA?!" I squeak out in surprise, reflexively jumping away and holding onto him for dear life. "Where?! Get rid of it! Get rid of it!"

However, Ichiban bursts out laughing instead. It takes me a couple of seconds to realize he was just messing with me, and I growl.

"That's not funny!" I shove him away.

"But it is." He disagrees in between chuckles. "Aw man, this shit always gets me. Behold the invincible and almighty Akane Amamiya, capable of destroying countries with a flick of her wrist, yet ever so frightened by a tiny bug."

"Knock it off." I click my tongue. "Do you know how many diseases those things carry? You'd be scared of them too, if you weren't so painfully uneducated. But what do I expect from a filthy street rat who dropped out of middle school?"

"Whatever you say, princess." He shrugs, completely unbothered, before pointing at something else. "LOOK OUT, THERE'S ONE RIGHT THERE!"

This time, I don't scream and jump like before, because I know he's just trying to get a reaction out of me. This won't work twice in a row.

…

…I do, however, flinch.

"STOP THAT!" I scowl, making him laugh harder.

"It's even funnier the second time!"

"Do that again, and I promise you'll come out of this island with an icicle shoved so far up your ass, you'll be drip-fed water for the rest of your life!"

"Okay, okay, I'll stop. Hehe…" He relents out of pure and overwhelming fear. "We really should work on that phobia of yours. I bet if our enemies knew about it, it'd put you in a bad spot."

"It's not a phobia." I scoff with a roll of my eyes. "It's a perfectly rational aversion to nature's biggest mistake."

In the midst of our bickering, Lucifer, who had been quietly following us the entire time, finally speaks up.

"You're being followed, darling." He warns me.

Though I already knew that.

"Well, whatever you call it," Ichi replies. "I bet you're really happy there's no more Beelzebub devils to worry about, huh?"

"You can say that again…"

After a few minutes of walking, we finally made it to the main plaza. In front of a bar called Esperanza was the warehouse we were looking for. It was incredibly quiet and dark, with only a couple of dimly lit lamps around each pathway.

"That's the place, huh?" Ichi points at the warehouse.

"Yup." I nod, making my way toward it. "C'mon. Let's get this over with."

Though before we open the door, we're interrupted by an unfamiliar voice.

"What do you think you're doing?" He says. "Place is off limits. Back off."

I turn around to look at the upstart, seeing a tall, brown-haired middle-aged man wearing a green polo shirt, old, run-down jeans, and black shoes coming out of the bar. Observe tells me he's no threat. Just a regular ass guy, if somewhat impressive for the average human.

"I don't recognize you. I've never seen you around," He adds as he gets a better look at us. "Who are you? What do you want?"

"We're—" Ichi starts, but I quickly cut him off.

"None of your business," I tell him. "If you know what's good for you, you'd go back to where you came from, little man."

The old man frowns.

"We're here for Lani and Ms. Akane," Ichi says, elbowing my side. "There's someone out there who wants to hurt them. They're not safe here."

"Who?" The man replies, clearly feigning ignorance. "I've never heard of those names. You're in the wrong place, kid. That warehouse is where we store the island's resources. But if you're not gonna move…"

He pulls a pistol out of his hand and points it at us.

"Then I'll make you move."

I scoff, roll my eyes, and kick the door open in spite of his idiotic threat. Lo and behold, our targets are right there, looking at me like deer in headlights. Immediately afterward, the old lady steps in front of the young girl, glaring at us with suspicion and concern.

"And pray tell, who are these two?" I point at them with a smirk. "Strays you didn't know about?"

The dumbass says nothing, but his frown deepens.

"Stop antagonizing him," Ichi mutters, giving me an annoyed glance. "Look, I swear, we just want to keep them safe. The other guy looking for them could be here any second."

Instead of continuing to play dumb, he replies with a valid question, while also practically confirming my suspicions.

"And how do I know you're not working with Bryce?"

I knew it!

"Bryce?!" Ichiban's eyes widen. "That's the Overseer?!"

"Answer my damn question."

Now, I'm not entirely sure why we're humoring this moron when we could just take the two and leave. Not like that peashooter would hurt us in any way.

But instead of interfering, I let Ichi handle this.

"Right, well…" He pauses to collect his thoughts. "I don't know how much you know, but I'm the Red Dragon Emperor and one of the Tojo clan yakuza. My name is Ichiban Kasuga, and this right here is Akane Amamiya, daughter of Tatsu Amamiya. We're currently working with the CIA to put a stop to the Overseer's— or I guess Bryce's plans. We know what he's after, and we won't let him lay a finger on Lani. I promise."

"That's a nice story." The old man replies, still skeptical. "Not sure I believe a word of it, though."

Instead of verbally explaining himself, Ichiban summons his Boosted Gear in its gauntlet form. This makes the old man flinch and back away in genuine shock, a reaction that tells me he knows nothing about the supernatural. Just enough, like how Bryce is a bad guy looking for two innocent people.

"W-what the hell?!"

"This is the Boosted Gear," Ichiban says, raising his gauntlet. "Do you believe me now?"

Almost convinced to shoot us, the old man points his gun at Ichiban's head. I almost want him to pull the trigger and give me an excuse to beat his ass, but before he could do that, the old lady behind us spoke.

"He's telling the truth, Jason." The other Akane says. "He's Masumi's boy."

This prompts us to look at her, equally surprised at the accurate assessment. How did she know? And on a first-name basis already. Wow.

"You know the boss?"

She smiles and nods, the suspicion on her face evaporating in an instant.

"Well, that makes things a lot less complicated." I snort, glancing at Jason. "Convinced? Or do we have to kick your ass for you to get it?"

He remains silent for a moment before lowering his gun.

"Good choice. Come on, we need to go now." I gesture for the young girl to come closer and address Jason. "And for the record, immediately pointing your gun at random teenagers fucking around makes you look like a lunatic."

Lani hesitantly approaches me, but a push from the other Akane makes her trust me enough to take my hand. I carry her and spread my crystal wings as Ichi carries the older woman after activating Cape Mode.

Jason looks at us in utter awe as we float off the ground, making me smirk at him.

"No one will believe you."

Was the last thing I said before flying off into the distance with the little girl in my arms.





– Irina –

Alone in one of the parks of Honolulu, she silently stared at her phone, looking up from it every once in a while in search of Issei. He had sent her a text at first, begging her and Xenovia not to leave, but, well, even if Irina was fine with coming back, her partner was very opposed to it.

But that was how Xenovia was. Although she could tolerate quite a bit, Akane had crossed a line, and she would never let anything like that slide. It was to be expected, honestly. Irina always understood that it was only a question of when, not if, those two would begin to clash. Their personalities weren't very compatible.

Xenovia was stubborn, overly straightforward, and wasn't afraid to speak her mind. It came at the cost of having bad social skills, as most usually misunderstood her for being rude and annoying, but Irina would be lying if she said she didn't envy her partner.

Akane, on the other hand, was outright mean. Even before this incident, Irina had seen how she would treat Issei in particular, and though it might just be the way they communicated, seeing that no one tried to interject, Irina felt it was unnecessarily harsh. Bordering on abusive.

She'd kept it to herself, however. It felt unnecessary to bring up, seeing that Akane had literally saved their lives, offered sincere condolences after David's death, and let them stay in her territory. Irina didn't want to come off as ungrateful. Issei also didn't seem to hate her treatment of him very much, so it wasn't her place to say anything.

If anything, he seemed a lot more jealous of Ichiban than upset at it.

Irina sighed deeply, spotting someone in the park with the corner of her eye.

"Ah, Issei! Over here!" She called out with a smile, and he matched it once he saw her.

"Hey! Sorry if I'm late." He waved. "Honolulu is pretty far from the resort."

"I know. You're fine."

As he approached her, Irina scooted over to give him enough space to sit next to her.

"Where's Xenovia?" He asked, noticing her partner was nowhere to be seen.

"Patrolling." She answered. "We don't really have Akane's resources, so that's the best thing we can do at the moment. Split up and look for any suspicious activities."

Although both of them realized how risky it was to remain within the Overseer's territory, unfortunately, there weren't a lot of options. They even planned to stay the night at Akane's resort, since the hotel they had been staying at was blown up during her fight against Dwight. Clearly, Xenovia didn't think too much about the consequences of splitting up with the rest.

Though even if she did, Irina doubted that would change anything.

"I'm supposed to be patrolling, too," She giggled. "But, well…"

Irina wasn't exactly willing to return, even when Issei asked her to, but she still wanted to see him, so instead of rejecting him outright, she told him to meet up here.

"Do you have a place to stay?" He asked again.

"We're still looking." She told him. "There's this hotel outside the city called Nirvana, but it's too expensive."

And the higher-ups would definitely question them changing hotels at random like this. Why wouldn't they just tell them what's going on? Because there was a real chance the pair would be pulled out of Hawaii entirely. They were already suspicious enough of the recent supernatural incidents.

"…You can stay with us?" Issei offered after a while.

"Issei…"

"L-listen, I know after what happened, it's the last thing you wanna do," He quickly explained himself. "But it's not safe in here! And none of us agrees with what Akane said. She probably didn't even mean it."

Irina wasn't sure about that.

"We can take care of ourselves, Issei." She said before pausing. Irina looked down at her lap and frowned. "…And let's be honest, she was right about me."

"What? No!" Issei disagreed, staring at her in surprise. "Of course, she's not! Why would you say that?"

"It's just… I don't think I'm good enough for this sort of thing." Irina replied. "Being an exorcist, I mean. It's… after the whole thing with Kokabiel, I keep wondering if I'm even fit to be one."

That day had been an eye-opener for her. It was the first real mission that she and Xenovia had ever gone on. True, they hadn't known it was Kokabiel at first, but the higher-ups had considered the possibility, which was why they sent David out to lead them.

Only for him to die in the line of duty, all while they'd gotten in the way. They were practically useless while he, Akane, Ichiban, and the two devil heiresses had pulled their weight. What were they even doing? They were clearly not even close to prepared to handle this kind of threat.

Yet they were the ones who came out of it alive. When they had no right to. It made her feel sick to her stomach.

And now, Irina wasn't sure if she even had what it took to be an exorcist. Even when she trained, hoping to make a difference, wanting to make David's sacrifice worth something, the pace of her progress was so glacial that Irina barely got any stronger. All while her partner's strength soared to heights she couldn't imagine reaching in just a month.

This meant that Irina was the problem, after all.

Maybe she wasn't meant to be an exorcist.

"I'm not particularly strong or smart. I don't really offer anything new to the table. All I do is weigh everyone down." She sighed, leaning back. "No wonder Akane got so mad at me."

"However you feel about yourself doesn't give her the right to say all those terrible things," Issei said. "And they're not even true, in the first place. You're plenty strong, clever, and saved my life down there."

"You saved my life when you pushed me out of the way." She retorted. "All I did was carry you to safety."

"And that's somehow less? Good friends and allies help each other." He reminded her. "It's a two-way street."

Irina said nothing for a moment.

"Look, I get how it feels, alright? I know I'm not the strongest either. And I'm pretty damn dumb, too. Compared to people like Kasuga and Akane, I'm basically nothing. And I feel that sometimes. I mean, I feel pretty jealous of Kasuga." He continued, putting his hand over hers. "But so what? Just because I'm not as strong, I'm supposed to give up? Because I'm scared to mess up, I'm supposed to let others do everything? Screw that."

Irina watched as he brought his other hand up and clenched it.

"Sure, maybe I'll never contribute as much as Akane or Kasuga. Maybe I'll never be the strongest or best at anything, and maybe I'll screw up down the line, but that's fine with me." He said, staring at her with determination. "I've been blessed with a Sacred Gear, and I'll always try to help in my own way. I'll support my friends and do the right thing."

Once again, she remained silent for a moment, but eventually felt the need to respond.

"Doesn't it get difficult?"

"Yeah, and?" Issei blinked. "I don't think it's supposed to be easy."

"Heh. I guess not." Irina smiled, tightly wrapping her hand around his. "Thanks, Issei. I think I needed to hear that."

"U-uh, yeah, for sure…" Her childhood friend replied, suddenly becoming timid. Cute. "Anytime."

Irina noticed his stare flickering between their hands and nowhere, as he struggled to keep his composure. She didn't know what he was thinking— he'd practically started this when he put his hand over hers. Did he not mean it romantically? Well, even if he didn't, he was definitely viewing it that way now.

Yet he didn't seem to be against it. Even though he was crushing on Akane hard. Did she have a chance after all?

She might as well stake her claim.

As her face grew hotter, Irina scooted ever so closer to him, which he most definitely noticed as she felt his hand tightening around hers. Once she felt comfortable enough, she looked at him, and as he caught her stare with the corner of his eye, he mustered up the courage to meet her gaze.

Almost as if he had read her mind, Issei matched her pace and leaned closer, until eventually, their lips met. The sensation was almost indescribable to Irina. It felt strangely soothing, even though her heart threatened to leap out of her chest. She never saw herself doing something so bold. They'd only gone on a single date.

Irina nearly regretted it, but when she felt him just as into this as she was, she knew it was okay. A part of her wondered if his crush on Akane was even real or if she'd conjured it up purely out of her own fear of being rejected, but it was quickly forgotten as she enjoyed the moment.

Once they backed away from each other, realization dawned on them, and they both looked away with their faces going red. Even then, however, they still held each other's hands.

"I-I'm sorry if that came out of the blue." She spoke first, quickly apologizing. "I um…"

"I-it's fine…" He replied, equally embarrassed. "I-I wasn't sure about how you felt about me…"

Why is it so awkward now?! She thought to herself. I want to die.

Irina took a moment to compose herself, not wanting to embarrass herself further.

"T-the truth is, I've been feeling that way for a long time." She said. "Ever since we were kids, in fact. Of course, I didn't really understand my feelings back then, but after meeting you in Kuoh again, I—"

Before she could finish that sentence, she was interrupted by a serrated sword going below her head and pressing into her neck. Her eyes widened, but she remained as still as the one holding the sword.

I didn't even notice him come. I was too comfortable, I… She thought before noticing something grim.

This man was incredibly powerful. Irina knew that if she moved, he'd slit her throat before she could do anything.

"Irina? What's—" Issei's words died in his throat as he glanced at her.

But before he could appropriately respond to the threat and help her, the man spoke.

"Don't move." He said with a deep voice. "Or she dies."

So Issei stayed in his chair.

"Who are you?" He questioned. "What do you want from us?"

The stranger said nothing for a moment, and Irina, without moving her head, glanced up, hoping to get a better look at him. All she could make out was the yellow Palekana outfit. A hooded, sleeveless version. This met the description Akane gave of the person who rescued Dwight.

She had warned that he was surprisingly strong, but Irina hadn't expected this.

"The two of you will come with me." He told them, leaving no room to argue. "Now."

He led Irina away from the chair, almost forcefully dragging her, with Issei carefully following them. The serrated sword was still over her neck the entire time, breaking the skin but not going further, and as she was about to ask where he was taking them, a golden portal suddenly appeared in the park.

The stranger nodded toward the portal, making Issei go through it first. Although hesitant, he did as he was told, and once Issei was through, the man took her there moments later.

She didn't know what would happen to them, but Irina felt horrible for her partner. This guy had snuck up on them because she wasn't on guard as she should have been.

She really was the worst.
Don't forget to check the Patreon for extra content and other cool stuff. Mostly extra content though.

Also I have a Discord Server where I periodically post cool art of my characters. No AI. All commissioned. I do not have a server anymore, but I still periodically post the commissioned art in Shiro's server. You can catch me there.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dehaka, Noice, Sv010ch and 29 others
Mirlnir
Aug 12, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Sramon
 [NSFW] A Devil's Possibilities (DxD)
Sramon Tuesday at 21:43 Words: 21k 1 2 competent evil evil mc harem
Replies33
Views5K
Today at 12:14
AmnesiacPhoenix
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
501aris/N0ct15
[NSFW] Like a Dragon: Supernaturally Unpredictable(Yakuza/Highschool DxD)
501aris/N0ct15 Apr 12, 2026 Words: 9.3k cross posted from ao3 crossover harem (obviously for anyone who knows my works)
Replies13
Views2K
Apr 14, 2026
501aris/N0ct15
501aris/N0ct15
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
CrossedgeHeliel43
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Drawn to Power
Crossedge Jul 12, 2026 Words: 92k 1 ... 4 5 6 gamer elements gamer protag high school dxd
Replies166
Views49K
Jul 30, 2026
OriginTrainer
OriginTrainer
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit